The other night I was lucky enough to get invited to the soft opening of a new restaurant in Pasadena called Vol. 94! I actually used to live up in Pasadena and it is still one of my favorite towns in Los Angeles, if the drive to work hadn’t worn me out, I still would be living there today. Vol. 94 just opened up in a space across the street from Paseo near Old Town Pasadena. It’s a wine bistro with seasonal New American small plates with an asian twist.
Carried Orders Since before end of day 09/30/2010, still outstanding as of end of day 10/31/2010
- Add dry ingredients slowly and beat slowly until well incorporated...cookie dough will be soft
And this quest for perfect wildlife photos doesn’t leave me with enough time to view hundreds of individual flowers looking for just the right one with just the right lighting to make a great flower photo. Every once in a while though, one jumps out at me, like this one.
3. Dip the pieces of fish in the flour.
SO...I'm kickin' back, hoping that my back gets better soon and until then, I'll be checking out the Flickr group looking at all of your photos. This has been SO much fun to see what everyone is doing!!!
When I moved to Shoreham, a tree on the crest of the eastern side of the valley caught my eye. It rose higher than the others, and wasn't afraid of doing so. It was the one with the crazy hairstyle, the rebel. I wanted to get to know it.
In reality, the chain of Armenian massacre began in its modern instance in 1878 after the Berlin Conference. It escalated in 1894-96, and occurred again in 1909 (The Burning Tigris, A History of the Armenian Genocide, Pg 156).
“Many years later, as he faced the firing squad, Colonel Aureliano Buendía was to remember that distant afternoon when his father took him to discover ice.”
In other news, I'm currently working on my rankings of the Top 10 albums of 2011. That will be unveiled soon, but rest assured that Cults, Lykke Li and Bon Iver will be on it. I'm also in the process of ranking all 106 bands I saw live in 2011. So far, legends Aretha Franklin and Paul McCartney are topping the list.
When I was seventeen, my mother figured out that I was living with an eating disorder. I don’t say suffering, I don’t say struggling, I don’t say battling. I was living with it. I ate. I threw up. I hovered over the fridge at 3am and engulfed everything in sight only to vomit it in a toilet five minutes later. I’d gotten so good at it, I evolved from using my fingers to just thinking about it.
This is still in my lagering fridge and will be bottled shortly. The only issue with it is that the starter was not made at lager temperatures and there was a little too much wort transferred with it and it's put a small tang of banana/clove in the final pils. I'm hoping to get rid of this when I bottle and use the "krausening" technique to do the priming. I'll detail this at a later stage.
Then I poured in the brownie batter. I have to admit that I "cheated" on the brownies. I used a boxed mix purchased at Aldi, then stirred in some chocolate chips to make them extra chocolaty. No apologies for the boxed mix. It made some delicious brownies.
11. Cramp Your Style
CBS Los Angeles
Another thing is I shouldn’t have paired this top with a low waist bottom. Kept flashing bits of my tummy. Oh god why. O.O Thankfully I have my cardigan!
A 21-year-old woman from North London has spent thousands of dollars on surgical procedures to look like a drag queen. Collagen Westwood told The Daily Mail she’s thrilled if she gets mistaken for a man dressing up as a woman. “I’ve admired drag queens since I was a little girl,” she said. ”They’re glamorous and beautiful — what woman wouldn’t want to look like that? I have a couple of different wigs that I wear when I go out, and people are always assuming I’m a transvestite. I love it when people mistake me for a man. It doesn’t offend me — I think drag queens look fantastic.” Westwood has had her lips plumped and her nose straightened and says she plans to have some ribs removed so she can fit into smaller corsets. She said she counts Dead or Alive singer Pete Burns as one of her idols.
by Benjamin Fulford, 3-26-12
More on that in Part II, "The Douche and the Dirtwater Distributor"
#5 Christian Stracke, the head of credit research for Pimco: "This is just a repeat of what we saw in 2008, when everyone wanted to see toxic assets off the banks’ balance sheets"
Whilst trying to remember the rhyme that I'd sang in school many moons ago, I asked my twitter buds how it went. There were a couple of variations, One was to catch a tiger and the other an Indian. I remember the rhyme below as the one I sang in school.
Sure, most folks go on and on about the 1987 minis in the latest base offering, and sure they're pretty nice - especially the Reds, Tigers and Cubs in that insert set - but I was out of the hobby long before 1987 and have no personal connection to it or the reincarnation.
After a rocky first inning, Bedard was on cruise control.
"We are completely self-sufficient and we don't get a cent from anywhere. That is why we can speak loudly and independently," he said. Cosatu gets its funding from membership fees, donations and investments.
In a blender combine cilantro, garlic, lime juice and water. Blend until smooth, add olive oil and salt and pepper and pulse to combine. Taste and adjust seasoning as needed.
I am the one who can give you all things in perfection
No lectures from me.
Sacrifice: To dispose of something, regardless of value.
I had enough of my blog ink coming up in black and imposable to read, thank goodness that is all over with don;t need someone messing up something that works fine before LOL..
Newington, 17-4 in 2011 and the Class M runner-up, travels to Cheshire for a 6:00 pm meeting with the Rams on Wednesday, May 2nd.
Summary Description: The Department of Medicine at Columbia University, Division of Digestive and Liver Disease seek highly motivated Post-doctoral Research Scientist. Candidates will conduct translational research to investigate immune mechanisms in neuropsychiatric and developmental disorders. Specific areas of focus include celiac disease/gluten sensitivity, schizophrenia, autism, and ADHD. Demonstrable experience in protein purification and analysis, cell culture, small animal surgery, microarray work, and immunology and molecular biology techniques will be desired. The laboratory is located on the medical campus of Columbia University in New York City, and has on-going collaborations on a number of exciting projects with investigators at the National Institute of Health, Cornell University and Johns Hopkins University..
1/2 cup lemon juice
We spent the rest of New Years day at Grandpa and Grandma Millen's playing board games and snacking. Gabriella took a power nap at her request ;)
Me: Do you mean a Marine?
Only one problem. I’d left them on the pan entirely too long, and the cookies had permanently adhered. When I tried to remove them, they held on for dear life. I think I had a mini meltdown at that point. I’d just spent so much time meticulously decorating those dainty little cookies, and just a light tap from a spatula broke them into teeny puzzle pieces. Somehow I managed to scrape most of them off and delicately transferred them to the cooling rack, and a few of the badly broken ones to Luke’s happily awaiting paws. But as they cooled, their torn undersides began to fall through the wires, and by the time they were ready to be put away, the table was covered in crumbs. But you know what? No one looks at the underside of a cookie. It’s the top that matters, right? Especially when the “no one” is just Luke and me.
By Bonnie Harris
A shy, fearful woman ventures on to a chat-based, ”adult” Scrabble site for some anonymous, flirty fun with a like-minded geek, and unknowingly connects with an up-and-coming rocker looking for a woman who appreciates his brain instead of his stage presence.
14. Decoding Society - Mandance
Meetings abound, mes auteurs, so here's a quick rerun re: publishing terms to know! — E
The first of today’s images for this week’s Words to Live By is a Maya Angelou quote and it is one I love.
Yes, my Buccaneers were awful last year.
I'm sorry I haven't updated since the last post, which was quite a crisis time. She stabilized that night, and hasn't had another episode like that. Thank goodness! The metabolic geneticist came in the next day and talked to us in depth. He feels that the episodes were not true metabolic crisis but rather a reaction to pain. It makes a lot of sense, when we review it looking back. Her lactic acid was high, but that is expected when you are in pain or stress. This was the first time we had met the geneticist at this hospital, and he had a lot of good information for us.
An extraordinary concert from two firm favourites here at Victoryrosemusic. The quality isn't great and due to various issues there is a track or two missing. However it was such an amazing performance I thought it worth a post. Think of it as a preview of great things to come! Ólafur talks a lot in this concert which is great to hear as well.
Work in timed chunks. This is similar to the above, but with breaks at set times, rather than on the completion of goals. For example, you could work for 20 minutes, then take 10 minutes off.
1 neither
DANI SHAPIRO's most recent book is the memoir Devotion. She is also the author of five novels, including Black & White and Family History, and the bestselling memoir Slow Motion. Her short stories and essays have appeared in The New Yorker, Granta, Tin House, Elle, Vogue, Bookforum, Oprah, and Ploughshares, among others, and have been broadcast on National Public Radio. She is a contributing editor at Travel + Leisure and guest editor of Best New American Voices 2010. She lives with her husband and son in Litchfield County, Connecticut.
Now what to do with him. It's been over 24 hours and I'm running our of the squirrel formula that is required to feed it that I managed to get my hands on through the rescue underworld. You think the real underworld protects it's secrets, you should try to get your hands on squirrel formula!
Copy editors writing headlines for the Web should go beyond writing the clear, catchy headlines that appear in print editions. Online headlines should be noun-heavy so that when the average reader is searching for information, such as “Obama puppy,” on a search engine like Google, they are directed to the newspaper’s Web site.
Sigil’s current negotiating stance is “Just give us the money and we’ll make it all good.” A funded and supported Sigil is an independent Sigil, not just another department in SOE. Brad is not yet ready to give up control or, if you read the rest, some form of the vision.
* And if all you have to do is open your mouth and speak the words that other people write, do NOT expect an open attitude about your revisions. You want to do it? You do it.
Despite my overall love for the film, and past arguments I’ve made about how it is criminally disregarded and outright dismissed in the post-apocalyptic genre, the set-up here is reductive and cliched in that the endured apocalypse (“pox-eclipse” for the children in the crack in the earth) was initiated by, and identical to, a dispute between the “two men,” which is patently untrue even given the limited background. This cold war era film clearly references competing ideologies and, dare I say, STATES fighting and warring and destroying everything. The lesson from this in this scene is that the source of wide scale violence, genocide, ecocide, apocalypse, etc. is human nature (especially male human nature, underwritten here by the quasi-masculinized, female figure of power that I might discuss later), which is inherently acquisitive and willing to risk annihilation for the sake of control, property (Max is unhappy about his truck and camels being taken), or . . . something.
O.K., crazy right!? To top it off, she sent me the most amazing vintage scarf of Italy, some beautiful vintage glass flowers, and a wonderful handmade tag.
So that's me review. On Stranger Tides by Tim Powers, 2 coconut monkey heads full of booze out of 5. Give it a miss.
Also likely to be on the schedule: The next version of iOS, Apple’s mobile operating system for the iPhone and iPad.
Jenny - The History of the Eisteddfod, Wrexham Football Club and Successful Dog Training.
Mile 20 (Chris N, Rod & Kris)
On a diverse planet, it is to be expected that our environment pushes us down different behavioral paths, be they for mating, sport, communication habits, or doing each other harm. Clear-eyed policy-making on such a planet would have less to do with fretting about what one would like to be the case, and more about dealing effectively with what is the case.
I’m really not sure if I can give a better description of this book than the one already included on the back cover without giving away a lot of great plot points, so I’ll just recap that here:
The most exciting part of my week though - wait for it, wait for it!!!
Aside from that, the embroidery party over the weekend went off without a hitch! Little did I know that it was the educator's first party. We had so much fun and I made some new embroidery friends, whom I'm sure you'll read about in the future! It was nice to "teach", but in a different setting.
To top it all off, work has been exceptionally shit lately which I find tiring. Depressing, stressful and frustrating - These are three of the nicest words I can use to describe it. Ug. I don't even want to talk about it anymore.
On the other hand, Rick Perry came from genuine hardscrabble roots. Perry wasn’t a bookworm; he became an Eagle Scout instead of the teacher’s pet. But Perry’s no slouch in the brains department. One does not get certified to fly big jets for the U.S. Air Force without some heavy-duty brain power. All in all, Perry seems to have opted for learning the things that apply to real life, while perhaps shunning those things preferred by the eggheads in academia.
Because Iran controls second largest reserves of Oil, therefore, the world – the US mainly – wants to control Iran! And this is no hypothesis. Otherwise, why will the world – the US – have duplicity in its diplomacy while dealing with various nations, many of them rouge and much more fundamentalists than Iran; nuclear arsenals is just one of the excuse to gain so-called legitimate access to Iran’s vast Oil reserves!
A mix of different size pots, plants, some alive, some dead and some much too big .
Buy CASSAFIRE:
Many of you have probably heard of Fat Mum Slim's 'Photo a Day' monthly photo challenge and I've always admired from a distance. It adds another element to just taking a picture each day, and I'll be honest I struggle with remembering that one. Having to make it fit a particular theme will definitely be difficult, but I figure I'll try it once! I'll be posting my pictures on Instagram.
Fiction or delusion?
Both civilian and military men and women with a fucked up sense of humor who’ve:
Whilst in Singapore, I chanced upon this Chinese tea pot Tow Guan pottery at Jalan Bahar next to NTU. I was so excited, it was an exact replica of Grandma's tea pot. It is the nearest I could get that was Grandma's. I bought three. Two for my older sisters and one for myself.
We also tried to fish in that swimming whole. There were a couple of small fishes there, probably grayling. They were biting really well. The problem was that I have brought way to large hooks. That was fine exercise, we weren’t going to mess with cooking them anyway.
I remember watching Master Magician David Copperfield tie himself up in chains and have someone sink him in a tank of water to make his miraculous escape in front of millions of gaping mouthed television viewers. My mouth was gaping too, because I was lusting over a bag of salt and vinegar potato chips. Same thing when he had someone saw him in half while in a coffin. While everyone oohed and aahed I was in the bathroom trying to pop a zit. The guy had a cover over the escape tank and who knows how many trick compartments were in that coffin? Now having David Copperfield simply stand there naked on stage while a random audience member holding on with both hands runs a chain saw through his torso and he remains whole, that would have been a real feat of magic. Or, a really gory viral video on YouTube.
“It’s not just you; others have complained that exams are supposed to be silent. Apparently everyone wanted a White instructor for this class.” This was said with a great deal of resentment and rage.
Exodus 12:22: And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the blood that is in the basin, and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the basin; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning.
Hail to He Whose Power Arcs Across the Sky–Rejoice! You are praised!
My wine for the evening was the 2007 Fabre Montmayou, Patagonia, Barrel Select, Malbec. I’ve had this one a few times and it’s a very nice wine from the lowest region of Argentina. Priced at $16 it’s an excellent food wine with rich cherry flavors and hints of pepper and spice.
Of course, there is a lot of anecdotal evidence that almost everyone can share, but there are also numerous studies supporting this, including:
To all my SMAns, you followed me, now please follow all of my friends.
lapointe1111: folds
Levesque is no ordinary lobbyist. She is credited with encouraging the type of bare-knuckle politics now common in the wider education-reform movement. In an audio file obtained by The Nation, she and infamous anti-union consultant Richard Berman outlined a strategy in October 2010 for sweeping the nation with education reforms. The two spoke at the Philanthropy Roundtable, a get-together of major right-wing foundations. Lori Fey, a representative of the Michael Dell Foundation, moderated the panel discussion.
“It’s about being a widow, but it’s very jolly . . . it’s sort of slightly ridiculous. I mean, it’s totally ridiculous.”
I'm working on being able to hear about myself...make sense? I don't do it well...but I'm getting better!
Those of you on twitter may have seen a fair few insanely early tweets from me - not all of which are grumpy, mind you. As at least getting up so early means I'm usually ready nice and calmly (albeit slugishly!!).
But if I gave him directions, then hung a block back, he would have obviously seen me there. I would be the woman who was going the same place as him, but chose to say, "Um, just head west-ish."
11 female
As hard as we try for the rest of our lifetimes, we never can recreate what we gained and lost within that first kiss. For held within the second our lips touched is one last exhalation of childhood; our last glimpse of Neverland: the place where nobody dies and the way we feel goes on forever.
The mounted image was then positioned in the centre and the sentiment at the bottom on the right hand side. I then cut out two swirls (which I have had for quite awhile) from the same purple card and these were positioned both sides of the image, I also used some of the left over paper (I actually printed out a second one) and with one of my rolled flower dies I created a flower for the top left hand corner which has been attached to the card with silicone glue on top of punched out leaves. The last flourish is the flower buttons that have had some ribbon threaded through the holes and tied in knots, these were stuck in the top let hand corner.
Good Morning all~ Happy Spring.....It is raining here this morning. It is a shower but a heavy one. I just looked on the radar! It will be gone by the time I leave for work.
The bag is great size for smaller items like bracelets, necklaces or even a few sweeties! The best thing is it only takes about five minutes to make!
We had a problem with the lease on the new premises, which meant extending the lease on the old practice. This has delayed the shop fit, so it has taken much longer than we had anticipated. Anyway, thankfully it is all sorted now so we are full steam ahead at last!
I woke up feeling incredibly inspired today. Last night J & I took a fabulous interior design class and now the ideas just won't stop flowing. In the past I've always felt quite stifled and limited by our space but now I see that the possibilities are endless and I can't tell you how exciting that is.
‘Amy told me in sign language. She said “Remember the dead banana”’
We find out a little more about Fred before she was sucked into a hell dimension. Good episode for her and finally the beginning of the end for the Fred/Gunn relationship.
It is here when I do not delve into gossips that the bored mind dwells on in search of connecting and the want to put into words complex feelings that was created in response to another. The analysis of those feelings usually surface towards a black or white direction although the entirety is never as simple as that. It was just the exchange of energies, and it is really unnecessary to qualify and quantify the experience of the person to be something too straightforwardly good or bad. We can discuss. But we do not get locked into the conversation so far as to become stuck in one mood, belittling the emotions that could be shared and the real intelligence of the ideas.
Readers and participants can follow along with the Twitter hashtag #PitchMadness too!
These beers are brewed the same day the hops are harvested; no storing, freezing, or 'pelleting'. This adds a very fresh, orange/grapefruit aroma to the beer, and the flavors are abundant with citrus, spice, pine, mint, to name a few.
Here is what HSN has to say about their new arcade:
When it's worked up, it looks something like this -
And the worst part is that it was also the "good" guys portraying this behaviour.
I thought I would post again today while the adventure was still fresh. Crystal Stephanie and I went to Banpo Bridge because there is a light and water show there. Apparently the water founders are among those that shoot the farthest in the worlds, and they’re all timed to music. Apparently. Personally, I couldn’t tell what they were basing that off of. Anyway, we took forever to get there partially because we got a little lost and partially because we underestimated how long it would take to get to the station, so we missed the 8 o’clock show. But there was a 9 o’clock, so we didn’t have to wait forever. It was a little cold, but we had fun taking ridiculous pictures of each other and the cool buildings that were also lit up. On our way back, the others bitched a lot about being hungry, but I finally dragged them back to Sinchon, where we ate Taco Bell for dinner. Then we got some Baskin Robbins because Steph had a bad day and we all felt like she deserved it. It was okay. I actually managed to spend under my budget, which hasn’t happened when we go out for quite a while, so kudos for me.
What did I do? Spring cleaning. Seems a bit contrary to clean house when it is mud season. I am not usually one to do spring cleaning. I save the big cleaning for winter but we have been painting Evan's room and the house has been discombobulated. After we put Evan's room back in order there was a leftover piece of furniture that I had planned to put in the cold room. Isn't it always the way ? Like dominoes one project leads to another until all all the pieces lay down in a nice neat line. Anyway, the cold room got a really good clean out. There were boxes and boxes of canning jars. They have been rinsed out and put on the shelves in the empty spaces. All ready for canning season. Mark brews his own beer. He had too many beer bottles stashed away for the eventual day when he might fill them all up. We negotiated an amount that would work for both of us without being left on the floor. There were a couple of science experiments in there that have met the compost pile. Lets just say this was my room of shame. Now it is efficient, spacious and shameless. Nothing like a clean conscience.
What joy fills my life?
I always wanted to use the paramedic angle, but I also wanted to develop a series. Having a paramedic protagonist as the ongoing character was going to be a problem, though, because it wasn't plausible to have her rush about the city solving crime or going through some incredibly difficult and traumatic experience in each book. Detective Ella Marconi was the answer: she could give the procedural angle on the story, she could provide access to information about the case that the paramedic could never have, plus she was another point of view so allowed the reader a break from the shellshocked mind of Sophie.
Serve.
The longer version:
“We, as a family, have to soon figure out what’s going to happen. Unfortunately, the way this thing is structured, this company is structured, it’s not sustainable. I’m not set up estate-wise to guarantee it can be handed over to the kids. We’ve been trying to work on that.” So, what it seems like is, Bell is in a pissing match with his shareholders. That, along with the expansion and the cost of it's recent legal battles—including two trademark lawsuits and an dispute between Anchor Brewery over a former employee, above and beyond the shareholder lawsuit—have weighed heavily on the brewery. Somewhere along the line, Bell also seem to have forgotten his children, and has made no contingency plan for them—as far as his business goes. To that I put my hands up, raise my eyebrows and say "Well?"
Here's a layout I did for the "Let's Talk About" challenge at Digitals. The kit was a blog freebie from Diana Burton back in 2009. Look how young we were! :D
DW: (Laughs)
The Vegetarian Wrap is advertised as a soft spinach flour tortilla filled with grilled portobello mushrooms, roasted red bell peppers, arugula and balsamic dressing $8. Although this was better executed and much tastier than the cubano, it was still quite plain and unastounding. The veggies were nicely done and fresh tasting. They were incredibly juicy, though, making the wrap messy to eat.
Today’s blog is a genealogy entry. Ron T. and Homer will like it; I hope others like it too.
I use a 9x12 pyrex (glass) pan with snap on lid to store the asparagus in the fridge. Amazingly, I've found the asparagus to store and taste great for up to 5 days so you definitely can cook ahead and have a special salad nightly.
But silence is like a cork in a dam... the pressure builds to bursting. In desperate times I have burst all over, an endless stream, a river of words washing around an idea, tumbling it about, trying desperately to make it understood.
When he and I drifted apart, it gave me a long while to prioritize my thoughts. I realized that this man and my story was not over, it had just begun. We began something stronger than what we had before... a deep friendship. Sure, he dropped my heart and left it behind, but I trusted that someone would come and return it to me.. or even better yet hold onto it themselves. Little did I know, someone was following me with my heart in hand, I just hadn't looked back to see that this man was doing so.
Now here's the odd thing. There was a stronger Younger's Bitter called IPA (you can see it in the table below). But, back in the 19th century, Younger had two Pale Ales: XP and XXP. According to a price list, the weaker XP was marketed as IPA, XXP as Export Pale Ale. So which should be stronger - Pale Ale or IPA? Answers should be sent directly to the BJCP.
Regarding the second proposition, I admit that I can no longer support my post about yogurt-making, and must cast it off like a molted snake skin, or like an old chrysalis that was merely the transitory vessel toward a higher and lighter existence. At the time of writing ‘TPoYM’, I had long enjoyed the taste and various uses of yogurt, and was happy to find a cheap, local, environmentally-friendly way of making this substance for myself. I was also relieved of the guilt of buying yogurt in the ubiquitous single-serving plastic containers in which it is obtained. This is in fitting with one of my most popular earlier posts, Invective Against Plastic. However, I have come to realize that dairy products are both unnatural for human consumption, and just as exploitative of animals, if not more so. I had originally ignored the ramifications of the dairy industry, with the false assumption that, since the animal is not being killed or eaten, but only having its natural milk used, then it was not bad. I have corrected this mistake.
At DFW Flowers, roses are one of the most popular flowers to send and receive on Valentine’s day; and it’s no wonder, since they represent beauty and love. From ancient Romon legend to the present Valentine’s Day, roses have carried symbolism and messages throughout a variety of cultures.
No. These Communists came armed with T34 tanks, MIG 23’s, AK47’s and RPG7’s. They placed landmines on farm roads in Namibia and also in Angola, not caring who they blew up. Today Angola has the highest number of amputees in the world, all black, because of these communist landmines.
Aneesha Kohli – Genetics major – Imperial College, London, UK (World Rank – 6th)
13 Self Help Books
If, as anticipated, pro-gay-marriage activists get a plank in the Democratic Party platform affirming their stance, that will further lock the party into an uncompromising position on the issue. Ironically, they will hold their convention in North Carolina, a state that just made headlines by resoundingly rejecting gay marriage.
There was a tiny baby born last night.
Turn-of-the-century Australia holds one of the world’s most magnificent settings for this first book in the new Australian Destiny Series. Responding to an offer of indenture, Samantha Connolly and her sisters have attempted to escape a bleak future in Ireland by immigrating to Queensland. Circling half the globe, she discovers a land she never anticipated or desired—yet her home is now oceans away!
It may not be popular, but it is effective. Also known as submission, surrender can be a very effective tool at solving conflict. When we are willing to step out in faith and bend in the breeze like trees in a storm, God can bless our obedience to Him. After all, God tells us in Ephesians 5:21 to “submit to one another out of reverence for Christ.”
And with that, he went back to eating his pancakes, and drinking his milk, chattering on and on about school and what he would do that day.
some green nut beads,
South Africa, meanwhile, given over by F.W. de Klerk and Pik Botha to the Marxist African National Congress, has turned into a cauldron of murder, rape, AIDS and anarchy.
The salad sandwich is probably a little expensive for what it is: cheese, tomato, onion, carrot, lettuce and cucumber on a bread roll, especially given that you can order a chicken sandwich for the same price.
That means some long songs, mellotron, hammond, flute, vintage guitars and that warm analogue sound. First impression is they must be into bands like Jethro Tull, Queen, Genesis and cohorts, because that is what it reminded me of at first play.
A tapestry of flower becoming the heliographic stars
What frustrates you?
Ohhhhh no. It has been so long since I posted. Radiation has kept me very busy. Going 5 days a week, Monday-Friday, leaves little time for fun hobbies (i.e blogging). It all ends Thursday May 3rd. Once my body recovers from the radiation burns my life should get back to normal.
While it's easy to see they're no match, I'm curious to know which of the two you like better. Bellsprout is without doubt my favourite, it goes much better with my skin tone than L8R G8R - but if you go for the most linear holo, L8R G8R is the winner. As for now I'll stick with Bellsprout, but maybe when (if!) I get a little colour on my skin this Summer, I'll try L8R G8R again.
28. Palatka - Vultures, Hyenas
44 more
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi Eulogizes Saddam Hussein in Friday Sermon on Qatar TV
Stimulates senses
sign of bad news.
Back to vegetables. I have many new readers to the blog, and I thought it would be helpful to re-visit roasted vegetables because they provide a really good solution to that never-ending diet question:
Navy Commander: Fourth submarine to further strengthen naval force Watch: IDF receives fourth Dolphin submarine CIA: Without outside assistance Jews in Palestine won’t survive more than two years Barry Rubin: Why Occupy Wall Street Is a Disaster for the Obama Administration The Top Things To See In Israel In Google Street View
And since we're talking about money here, let me just give an update on how this whole Dave Ramsey budget thing is going...
I had mentioned back in the summer that I was afraid I would be making my word study games the weekend before we used them. Well, guess what? We're studying the Long O CVCe pattern this week. Today, I made the games! This not looking like a good start. Will I be spending every Saturday making games this year? I know I won't have to do that next year, because the games will be made, BUT it's a lot of work this year. I need to find some way to get ahead.
to Towyn in Merionethshire, mid-Wales.
So . . . be sure you pop on over to Sugar Nellie's Blog HERE each day this week to see what the ladies have created for your viewing pleasure! Oh . . . and don't forget to leave a little "love" (a.k.a. comments) each day 'cuz some lucky folks will be randomly selected to receive a little "sugar!" Whoohoo!!
Now, I know that neither of these are mutually exclusive, and that there is an awful lot of overlap. But, it is well-known that there are dogs who aren't "wired right," no matter how uncommon extreme circumstances of this mis-wiring may be, and that there are dogs whose outward temperament is a product of their very bad life experiences and, should they have been raised correctly, they would not be fearful.
Check out this intriguing video by Gabe Lyons, one of the leading Christian experts on the church’s role in today’s culture. He presents a compelling vision of how Christians should engage society and help to transform it at the same time.
It's a black background with bright drips of paint in many colors. I chose the same lining fabric for all three capes. When I made the previous three capes, I didn't buy fabric -- just used what I had on hand and it was great. But this time I didn't have much left for appropriate fabrics in the right amount of yardage.
My best purchase though was a bottle of Treaty Oaks Rum made right here in Austin, TX. I've seen it before and at 15 bucks is was tough to pass up. It has some flavors atypical of most lighter rums. I can pick up on some nutmeg and you can definitely taste some sweeter juniper and anise as well as a melange of citrus flavors. As a gin guy this stuff appealed to me though it may not appeal to some. I typically hate rum that is not barrel aged but this bottle really surprised me.
This is the staircase that leads to our office loft. I found this great Hudson Valley's Garden City Aged Brass Wall Sconce online and I am now slowly putting together a gallery wall going up the stairs.
But I just want to leave a committed life behind. (Amen)
Since getting married in June, my husband and I sold our house and moved across the country to South Dakota! It's been some crazy months, heheh. Oh yes, and I took my husband's name so I'm in the process of re-inventing my art business under Carmen Medlin now instead of Carmen Keys. (Which means my portfolio website has changed to www.carmenmedlin.com!) It just felt better to me to do it that way, even though I know I have to re-market. Hopefully I've made it relatively easy to still find me if searching for my maiden name.
living our days looking towards the sun.
The lobbying was evident to anyone there. But for some of those present, Bush didn’t go far enough. David Byer, a senior manager with Apple in charge of developing education business for the company, groaned and leaned over to another attendee sitting at the edge of the room after a lunch session. “You have this many people together, why can’t you say, ‘Here are the ten elements, here are some sample bills’?” said Byer to David Stevenson, who nodded in agreement. Stevenson is a vice president of News Corporation’s education subsidiary, Wireless Generation, an education-technology firm that specializes in assessment tools. It was just a year ago that News Corp. announced its intention to enter the for-profit K-12 education industry, which Rupert Murdoch called “a $500 billion sector in the US alone that is waiting desperately to be transformed.”
I went to my friend B’s for dinner. I haven’t seen her since before Christmas so I was really looking forward to seeing her. She was having a couple of other people over as well—which made me nervous as I’m not always able to socialize well amongst strangers, but all went well. Her 2 friends were astrologers and 1 also made crystal jewelery. These 2 people being astrologers really seemed significant to me. I’m really interested in astrology and metaphysics and with the changes I’ve been making in my life it was almost as if I was receiving a sign from the Universe. I got a tingling-type feeling, almost like a simmering of excitement. It was weird but in a good way.
50 Red MINI Round Brads (brads are packaged in an adornments case)
Standing by the car in the parking structure, I saw what could be a perfect pictorial summary of Gloucester, with the cathedral playing a central role. So leaving the city’s aesthetic intermingling for the cathedral’s vaulted interior filled to the top with soaring vocals was like being transported to another time and place. At one point I thought to myself, “I am listening to amazing music in a cathedral in ENGLAND!” Sometimes life can be better than a dream.
1. the quality, production, expression, or realm, according to aesthetic principles, of what is beautiful, appealing, or of more than ordinary significance.
If less acid, give a little white vinegar.
and be back in my home,
Anyway, I recently got a JustRite Stamps cling set called Vintage Oval Labels and had been wanting to find the right set of challenges to come along so I could make something with the set. The title of my post comes from one of the sentiments in the set "best friends forever". Those challenges arrived when I saw the current JustRite Friday challenge and the current color challenge from CR84FN. Because the JustRite challenge is a sketch and I had an idea as to what to do I thought everything would just fall into place, but it didn't. I struggled all afternoon and into the evening (taking a break to make dinner and watch my little guy do some "scootering" as he calls it) before I finally got a card I was reasonably happy with and here it is:
4. The Experience.
Super busy day today: my first ballet class in years, a Wyoming Players board meeting, and a Play Reading Committee meeting. After coming home and pulling weeds for an hour, Mike and I went to Kohl’s to use my $25 gift certificate and had dinner at an Indian restaurant. We were supposed to then see a 9:20 movie, but I was too tired. In fact, I was asleep by the time it started.
Likewise, there are times in our lives today wherein we seek direction from the Lord, and He only seems to reveal one step at a time. It is natural to ask, "Where are we going?" In His infinite wisdom, plan, and timing, Jesus at times chooses to keep the destination concealed. Perhaps He is protecting us from some danger. Perhaps He is removing from us the temptation to rush ahead of God's timing. Perhaps in the unfolding of these events He is revealing some aspect of His character to us that we would have missed had we skipped over this process of seeking, listening, trusting and obeying.
One day, as fate would have it, a dog found me. I was playing in the backyard alone, while my parents were doing yard work in the front yard. This tiny little dog squeezed itself through our wrought-iron fence. It had a spiky collar and short, dark brown fur. Clearly, he was a present from God. So I took him inside.
1 superfluous
How I wish.... but if anything has come out of the last few months then its this realisation of passing time, of age, of the impermanence of everything. and of thankfulness for what we've had.
Not a snow bunny.
Powdered sugar1/4cup
Life, he realized, was much like a song.
Okay, now for what many of you have been waiting for...the Doctor POST :)
Ralegh at once followed his unlucky forerunners. Undeterred by the fact that he had now only one other ship to support his own, he made a surprise attack on San Joseph, and took Berreo prisoner; with the characteristically laconic comment, 'Which had I not done, I should have savoured very much of the Ass.'
I crossed my first picket line yesterday! I had tickets to see the new musical The Scottsboro Boys by the same folks who wrote Cabaret and Chicago. It’s a musical retelling of the story of nine black men who were wrongfully imprisoned for the rape of two white women in Alabama in the 1930s. The framing device is a minstrel show. Blackface is employed. The writers and director are all white. Yikes! Perhaps I shouldn’t have been surprised to enter past dozens of protesters chanting that the show was racist, that turning this tragic story into a minstrel show was akin to using Borscht Belt humor to talk about the Holocaust. For a show that deals with liberal white guilt, getting shouted at for being racist was actually kind of an affective prelude (more on this in a minute).
At 12.30pm tomorrow, a massive gathering will come together at The Cross to say “no” to Boundary Commission proposals to “rip the heart” out of Gloucester.’
The rumours run that he also has naked photos of an ex-member of the Royal Family.
So, how do some characters bury themselves up to their armpits in your life and hundreds/thousands of others don’t? I need to know how almost every episode of Greys Anatomy makes me feel something, and how I’m drawn to Harry Dresden so I can write characters and build scenes like that. My characters are never going to be the standard of beauty or climb into one-size-fits-all lives but I want them to cast spells. I want people to feel them, to need them in their bags, on their tables and talking in their ears.
We could have only one guest on February 2nd and it's Michelle Lovric, talking about her new novel Talina in the Tower (Orion). There's also a competition to win a copy. Don't miss it!
Now I don’t particularly want my kids learning any of that. In the years since I lay on the floor thinking that I could read my way through “the sum of all human knowledge,” as the Britannica billed itself, a lot has changed. Pluto has been demoted, and Neptune, Uranus, and Jupiter all got rings. Computers? Well, most of you probably have one in your pocket that could out process that room-sized behemoth without breaking a sweat. We’ve learned that dinosaurs came in all kinds of colors, and my old pal the Brontosaurus is now known as Apatosaurus. And Barack Hussein Obama is in the White House. Things have changed.
Happy Sunday everyone and
3/4 c fresh Meyer lemon juice
Yes and love and say
These spicy little cupcakes are delicious and perfect for the holidays. In a rush? Cheat by using store bought whipped chocolate frosting. I won't tell.
To his great horror his captor had tied several abductees to a tree and was whipping them with a leather whip. Others were lying on the ground slowly dying of starvation and disease. His captor did not care if they died. He seemed to find pleasure in making it happen.
3.) My mother getting drunk on an overnight campout, waking us to take a midnight hike, then losing her glove and making us all re-trace our steps in the dark to search for her accessory. The odd part: she was happy.
You've bettered my life in so many ways, but one big one is you've made me healthier. I haven't had fast food or anything too "fake" since you started eating with me. You are such a great eater; so far you haven't rejected anything I've tried. Pesto tortellini. Crab-stuffed sole. Turkey meatballs. Chimichurri salmon. Brussel sprouts. Peas. And of course, coconut sorbet.
A favorite of West End theatre lovers is The Warehouse Theatre (www.warehousetheatre.com). Located in a converted warehouse (hence the name), this fine mix of emerging talents, local professionals and artists from around the country have been performing “intense, intimate and unexpected” live productions for over 3 decades. From re-envisioned classics to some of the most cutting edge new works, WHT boasts the sort of theatre you can’t see anywhere else inSouth Carolina’s Upstate region. As an eclectic “side dish” to their main performances, The Warehouse also offers “Improv with The Distracted Globe” for only $5. In a summer event that has helped make Greenville a thespian vacation destination, WHT also plays host to The Upstate Shakespeare Festival. This free, annual event takes place in Falls Parks throughout the summer months and presents the magic of Shakespeare in a charming, outdoor setting.
Ahhhh, summer break is here! Oh, how I have longed for summer and now that it is 90+ degrees outside I'm not quite sure why I was so excited. Sweating as soon as you walk out of the door isn't exactly my idea of fun, however not having to get up before Mr. Sun and going to work is definitely worth it. I think. Unfortunately, I am working summer school so my vacation is a little shorter but half days are better than nothing!
She looked down. “Because the Countess asked me not to. She said it would look like they were paying me to be quiet, or that it was a sign of guilt.”
Instead of entities bound by a system, couldn’t these flat, one dimensional “cinematic” images be humans with names and stories? I waited a long time in the gallery, but eventually, one fellow, a prisoner, smiled and seemed to restrain his laughter. This was a human moment, the best moment of the entire display. Just knowing that this prisoner was tempted to laugh or acknowledge the absurdity of the project in which he was involved led me to see myself in him. This is of course heresy to a postmodernist, but if one wants to know power or oppose power, one has to at least acknowledge that power contains people of resistance or subjection, action or passivity. Only a system controlled by people, real subjects with real dignity, is subject to change.
FAVOURITE PLACE: Kepala Batas, my hometown
Deuteronomy 1:21 See, the LORD your God has given you the land. Go up and take possession of it as the LORD, the God of your fathers, told you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged.”
6. EMERGENCY STASH/DISASTER PREPAREDNESS
A captain’s knock
Meanwhile, in a move that will surely give a significant boost to Liverpool’s hopes of regaining their status as the biggest club on Merseyside, Dirk Kuyt looks to be on his merry way to the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg. Kuyt has a year left on his contract with Liverpool but the Dutchman is set to be swooned by the bleached-bearded Lothario that is Thorsten Fink, a man who looks like he spends his weekends in front of a wind machine recreating classic Take That videos wearing nothing more than a pair of dungarees and a I-can’t-believe-this-has-ended-like-this-when-we-had-so-much-going-for-us look. “He has class, and he is also a fighter. There is nothing more that needs to be said about the quality of this player,” alleged Fink of Kuyt. More good news for L iverpool fans comes in the form of the imminent signing of Clearasil-skinned striker Luuk de Jong.
knowing that i would survive
Affordable drink specials, featuring fine beers from Vancouver Island’s Phillips Brewing Company!
Therapy kind of set me off on the wrong foot...right foot?...emotional foot.
He tells me that closeness can bring deep pain.
Heat oil and add mustard seeds, urad dhal and curry leaves. Next add onion and saute till light brown. Add the ground paste and stir in for few minutes for the raw smell to leave like about 3 - 4 minutes. Next add the powders(turmeric and chilli powder) and mix once. Immediately add the cooked and chopped raw banana along with salt and fry together for 2 - 3 minutes adn serve. Garnish with chopped coriander leaves if needed.
06-15 Orlando, FL – Beacham
Chocolate Lover: Eat 25 Noblegarden Chocolates during the Noblegarden celebration. This is the first achievement mark on the way to getting Chocoholic, which is 100 eggs.
Ah, indeed. I was afraid that’s where we were going.
My father-in-law is a retired Sergeant Major, and as such had the ability to read the "orders" for Jeff's promotion. Because Jeff's parents so very far away, and couldn't be there for it, we did something a little special. We e-mailed them the text for the orders, and he read it over the phone. So you see one soldier holding a phone out, while the entire room is at attention for the reading. It was so wonderful hearing his voice in the room, so that in a way they were there for it.
Right now he could really use a shoulder
The event is to be held at West Well Farm Barton Road Tingewick Buckinghamshire MK18 4BD
"Dudu Pukwana - In the Townships -1973 South Africa":
We have only just gotten the puzzle out, and figured out the 'mystery', and all in all, it was a good way to pass a late night / Sunday. Especially when considered that it appears as if the Borders VIP system credits you on the basis of what the books would have cost, not how much you actually spend, as I seemed to have acquired yet another $5 voucher on the basis of my $160 shop that I paid $19 for the other day. So... free puzzle!
Sometimes, we use shall, can, or may instead of will, for example: If you are good today, you can watch TV tonight.
and only a little bit of a sin!
Hey VHS! Don’t miss out on the biggest dance party of the year! The RAVE is this Saturday from 8-11.
Hat: With Brown WW.
Ha! Double Rainbow…Weak Sauce! Check out this Quad Rainbow (No Homo)! Rest Up today and whatever you do, ENJOY!!!
I am sad to see her go.
750+ PLR / MRR Products
No wonder my stats and stuff are in the It can.
Come on!! Shahidan is a Supreme Council member of a party that boasts over 3 million members, and all he can muster is 151 Likes?!
A ship carrying 490 Sri Lankan asylum seekers reached Canada in August 2010 after being turned back by the Australian Navy in May. An asylum seeker boat has never reached New Zealand.
God says:
So as we all know, the aim of Forest of Doom is to find the two pieces of a sacred dwarf hammer. In the introduction, your character, camping out in the great outdoors, is awoken when a dwarf with the ironic name 'Bigleg' is shot with a pair of crossbow bolts. Instead of freaking the fuck out and getting the fuck out of there, you apparently get the guy a blanket and a drink and sit him down, listen to his final words - find the hammer, etc - as he breathes his last breath, then rob him of 30 gold pieces.
LCED00046 Ironworks Accents
My goal is to write one entry per week in this series. I’m hoping this is a reasonable and attainable goal. I haven’t always been the best at completing the series I start — indeed, regular readers may note that I’ve essentially abandoned the custom of announcing series in advance of writing them, preferring now to cobble series together from previously written material — but I feel more confident about completing this particular one because the workload on the individual posts should be relatively low.
Deviled Eggs (common party food, they are so easy to make).
His desperation growing, he briefly tried to initiate an attack on President Abraham Lincoln in late 1864. There were too many Union officers, though, and he backed off. Instead, he went back to raiding until the day he and his men were apprehended in Kentucky. Shot through the spine (some sources say his chest), he died on June 6, 1865, in a prison in Louisville, Kentucky.
Salmon Farms Kill Wild Salmon
8’35 What U Do 2 Me
I watched her get pregnant against her long-suffering husband's will. I noted the wedge she'd driven between him and his brother; her profligate spending in denial of their financial straits; her plunge into depression matching their plummet down the social ladder; her total meltdown when things go tragically wrong.
It’s hard, being a writer. It’s lonely. May you all have such a moment in your future. May there be enough love to go round.
I Want You
rice-almond milk.
We seem to find lots of old Golden Books, Dr,Suess and Scholastic ones.
This game had to be one of the best I have ever seen. In fact, I have to use my
I've been a mother to two for six months. Adopting two children who have quickly become the lights of my life! As they are older, there is much pressure to do (though I'm sure this internal & external pressure can occur even if one has a wee babe in arms). I don't have many mummy friends, being only the second of all my friends to become a mother, the other had her first baby last year. The parents at the school gate are older and always seem so much more put together than I am. Their children seem to be masters at everything: yoga, ballet, tap, gymnastics, soccer, hockey, music, swimming and skating. They busily discuss how filled each weekend is with friend's Birthdays, which must be celebrated, and skiing and tutors and, and, and...For the first few weeks, or months, I wondered if I was doing my children a disservice. What if that tutor would make all the difference? What if not being able to skate yet becomes a sore point? What if they never catch up after such a rocky start in life? But slowly, one day, when on a long Sunday walk through the woods with a friend I realized something profound - my children are masters at nothing except being children. They know how to run, skip, hop and jump. They love collecting sticks (& counting them!), they like to giggle, laugh, tickle and be tickled. They like to explore and jump in puddles and visit farms and visit the ducks. And for them that is the good life.
“Uh sure,” he said, both thrilled and frightened by the invitation. He closed and locked the door to the box. “I need to pick up my prescription at the drug store . . .”
Good house keeping starts with a good cleaning schedule, and there’s nothing like walking into a house that smells as good as it looks. When floors are washed, beds are made and dishes are put away, the family gains a sense of comfort in knowing that their surroundings are under control. Being clean and organized saves you both time and money. When all things are put in proper order you don’t have to spend minutes or hours looking for lost items. And when supplies are carefully organized, you can easily find them instead of replenishing stock. That's where a schedule like this comes in handy!
April 11 2009 – Updated from Friday, Johannesburg.The South African Press Association reports that the countrywide truckers' strike in South Africa has turned vicious: one driver was killed, another was seriously injured when his fuel truck was firebombed by strikers, and thus far 17 people have been arrested for violence relating to the strike. And millions of people in the townships face a hungry Easter: the food shops are emptying out and the petrol stations report widespread closures due to lack of fuel.
But today, well this was it. This was what I always wanted. I wanted the chance to call on her, and for her to respond. I think she wanted to the chance to be needed. And we both wanted the opportunity to prove that no matter the time or years that have passed, no matter the lack of knowledge we have about how to play out our roles, we are still mother and daughter.
Game developer RADICAL ENTERTAINMENT has scored yet again with their game prototype 2…
Back in the mists of time a British Pro Cyclist was as rare as bees knees - however there have been some famous names that have come from these isles. (Please note I’m going to include Ireland throughout this blog - this is because I don’t understand politics and so (in my head) they count). Mention the names; Tom Simpson, Sean Kelly, Robert Millar, Sean Yates, Chris Boardman or Stephen Roche, and most cycling fans will know who they are. However these big names were few and far between.
Our oldest daughter went away to college last September. She called just after Thanksgiving to tell me that her dorm window was covered with snowflakes. No, not the real thing, but the ones she remembers from her childhood––paper ones that she spent an entire evening cutting and snipping while sipping hot cocoa.
The Mr. created this chalkboard out of some salvaged furniture parts and added his lines *wink* It sort of goes with our Save the World, Buy Vintage theme. Of course, I have rearranged the shoppe since these photos were taken... I got a wild hair during lunch on Sunday and put the Mr to work once we got to the shoppe.
Amish Acres is an Amish amusement park. People who work there wear "costumes" - for the Amish workers it's their everyday wear. There are rides (the Carriage Ride of Terror and the Horse and Buggy of Death - not the actual names). They have a theme restaurant (Eat like the Amish without all the back breaking field work and barn raising! -- not the actual slogan.) There are gift shoppes ("fun" old timey amusement park spelling of shops) filled with apple butter, zucchini bread, and Amish action figures. It's sort of like Disneyland ... minus the technology. Needless to say, parking was easy and there was no tram from the lot to the gate.
She got a little distracted with christmas preparations so didn't quite finish Lucy and the handbag, but now she knows how quick and simple it is, I am sure Alfie won't be without his owner for very long.
I see now where I went wrong with my mother though. I assumed… No… I expected her to just “accept, and love me” because I am her child… I’m such a fool.
Next time I might go so far as to briefly broil the crust UPSIDE DOWN before removing it, putting on the toppings, and sliding it back under the broiler right side up.
In addition to gaining responsibility and growing up naturally, it is also vital that we grow up spiritually. In the spiritual realm we may not be instructed to have a solid and persuasive resume or to make sure we keep a strong networking community but we definitely receive instruction. We become responsible for our actions and even the roles we play in the actions of others. Just as we are responsible for the sin we commit, we are also responsible for any assistance we play in the sins of others. Rolling a blunt for yourself is just as bad as rolling a blunt for someone else. I think the most difficult part about the idea of growing up is letting go of all comfort and security we have found in others. We cannot achieve eternal salvation through our mother, father, brother, sister, or anyone else. Growing up causes us to let go of excuses and crutches. I always think about when we make reservations for dinner or events as being what we can’t do spiritually. When someone makes a reservation, someone else who knows the correct information can confirm the reservation. If we go to a restaurant and say, “Hey, my sister made a reservation for….” the receptionist will confirm and direct you to a table. Things don’t work like the scenario shared above in the Kingdom of God. You won’t be able to get eternal salvation through someone else’s relationship with God. Joel 2:28 (KJV): “And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions.” We each need to have an active, healthy, and personal relationship with the one true living God.
Santa lost is sense and got Parker an air soft gun. However, I’m fairly certain that Parker likes the fact that he actually owns an air soft gun more than he likes the gun itself. Jack was very happy to add to his nutcracker collection with a vampire and a skeleton.
Roux
In my insolent mouth
KEEP OFF THE GRASS!
2) Serve with the glutinous rice.
Why I like statement necklaces:
Hollyoaks: Emmett Scanlan (Brendan Brady)
We truly were blessed, and we're about to be blessed a second time. I trust God. I trust him with all of my heart. I look to him everywhere I go, to give me the strength to know what I'm doing, to do what I need to do.
It has an odd, hollow, cardboard bitterness that I notice more than anything right up front, which makes it taste like a stronger golden ale. Like adjuncts. Cheap. It fades quickly to an alcohol bite, and all of that malt disappears quickly. The bitter harshness just isn't right for the type.
Another mandatory part of all of my dream kitchens is the Lombard light from Rejuvenation. I would get two of them so there would be plenty of light and put them both on dimmers. I like laboratory lighting when I'm cooking, but would love to be able to have mood lighting during a party when folks are in and out of the kitchen. Because no matter how much you put things out in the living room or how teeny tiny your kithen is, people always gather there. And with tile like this? The party will ALWAYS be on in the kitchen. And I like it.
I’m sorry, but that’s how it is.
I called Justin and told him that I was bringing him Taco Bell for lunch. The day called for fake nacho cheese, you know? Justin is a wise man and sweet husband, and said okay even though he had packed himself a lunch, and it wasn't exactly in the budget. Once I got there, I cried so hard I fogged up all the windows. Asking silly questions that felt so big in my mind at the time, like 'I thought we'd have Lizzy's birthday party that weekend--when will we have it now and what if I don't feel up to throwing a party?'
½ teaspoon celery or caraway seed
I wanted a nap, but before I took one, I wanted to get the cookies out of the way. SO, I made some Oatmeal chocolate cookies. I didn't have chocolate chips, so I just put some cocoa powder in the dough. It was pretty tasty. And we even had some extras to munch on here. I know, not so good for ANY of our diets.
When you are ready to bake the cookies, scoop up tablespoon size portions of dough and roll each piece between your hands until it is as smooth as possible and doesn’t crack at the edges. Space the balls of dough 1-1/2 inches apart and use the end of a wooden spoon to depress the center of each, making a well about 3/4 of the way down and as wide as you like. If the sides crack, push them back together.
Also, I am not sure I am feeling those glasses, but to each their own.
To counterbalance our diet day from hades, let's do a few things right today:
That is the crown of it that means those who are thinking that maybe one day I will grow less, they are wasting their time.
Kelsey worked her butt off today, went to the grocery store, and began prep for Easter meal. What a huge help that was!
In the National, with 40 horses jumping the same obstacles simultaneously, it is hard not to envisage accidents. The large number of fallers creates more problems for other jockeys and horses to overcome when the course is gruelling enough as it is.
So - this week, in addition to sharing my thoughts, I'm also gonna call a do-over on a few projects from way back when...
Then little by little the waiting ends. Test results come back. Therapies begin. Hospitalizations end and you go home. But, for many of us, this is when you start a new journey in to the realm of Special Education. I am here to tell you that there are many caring people in the world to help you on this journey. From doctors, to special educators, to the kindness of neighborhood parents. Our little fella is now a young man. And we love Holland and him more each day.
After that I went back to Wales for a few days, as novelist Jean Mead had kindly invited me to take part on the Saturday in a book fair she had organised at the Quay Hotel in Deganwy. The fair took place in a suite with a wonderful view of the water, and I had a whole table to myself for my display, and once again I sold more books than I feel I could have expected!
Do you create your world and its rules before you start writing or do you start with a base, but let the plot dictate the rules?
And man never trod before.
There has been something of a fightback from the traditional industry. They seem to have consolidated their investment around a highly focussed strategy where they spend a year building up to one big album release – like we saw with Lana Del Rey this year – while pretty much ignoring the rest of their catalogues. This is pretty clever, and it does seem to work, but it has had a bit of chilling effect on the explosion in alternatives that we saw a few years back. It’s increasingly hard for artists who aren’t interested in hoop jumping to break through to public exposure. So many magazines are only kept afloat by advertising from the industry they ‘criticize’ that they just retreat to trawling back catalogues for cover stars and saving up all their bile for people who aren’t subsidizing their lifestyles. Bookers can demand that festivals take their dull acts on Sunday afternoon as a condition of supplying their highly publicised headliners for Saturday night – effectively barring the way for better bands.
Pseudoroegneria spicata ssp. spicata (Bluebunch Wheatgrass)
The website is under construction and things did not go well yesterday, so today there will be periods of down time. Hopefully it won't be offline too long.
KH: When we play in really small bars in Iceland in front of 200 people, when it's packed it has a really good character.
I just didn't have time to get my shite together this week, been totally busy w/ work. Le sigh. I know, I suck. Sorry bout that.
The lace was bought there as well. They had 'I love you', Just Married', and 'Love' on 4
This will be a 3 day weekend for Greg!!!!! Monday is a State observed holiday....Confederate Memorial Day. We will have fun working on projects together all weekend! Personally, I think all weekends should be longer than 2 days, but noone else has seen the logic in that thought!!
Miss Cecily Hurston would much rather explore the antiquities of Egypt than the uncharted territory of marriage. But the rules of her father’s exclusive academic society forbid her entrance unless she weds one of its members. To clear her ailing father’s name of a scandalous rumor, Cecily needs to gain admission into the Egyptian Club—and is willing to marry any old dullard to do it.
Favorite things from the room:
1. One of the greatest challenges to the human intellect, over the centuries, has been to explain how the complex, improbable appearance of design in the universe arises.
This blog’s post yesterday calling local hackers not to engage in hacking Chinese sites because of possible instigation on the notorious Chinese hackers was met with adverse comments from pro-hacking individuals. As a result, the said article–”Pinoy Hackers Retaliate, Deface some Chinese Sites” has been visited by a thousand times since yesterday.
2) I could never— in a million years— expect anyone to learn all 620 odd verbs.
I might not know exactly what I’m doing with my life but I do know what I’m not going to be doing. I’m never buying a house, or a new car or a big screen TV. I probably won’t ever get a great job so I’m probably not going to be able to pay off my debts… however, I am trying to become enlightened enough that none of those things will matter, at least really matter.
So far, out of the 26 people who have stepped up to the plate, no one has managed to clean it up.
This idea came about while I was stamping the Classic Scallop Borders. I stamped two in a line so it was a long strip and then cut them out. Once the strip was cut, it was scored at each of the top points of the scallop and then folded mountain/valley. I repeated this to make two strips and then adhered them together to make a rosette. The butterfly image is from Botanical Butterflies and has been stamped in Memento Tuxedo Black onto X-press It Blending Card and coloured with Copics (B000, YR12, YR16, YR18). This was cut out with Lacey Circle Nestabilites and glued to the front of the rosette. For the back, I've cut a circle, glued the popstick to it and then glued it to the back of the rosette.
Unlike Nashville, who has Shea Weber, Ryan Suter, and Mike Fisher, Phoenix does not have big names like the Predators necessarily. Captain of the Coyotes, Shane Doan, was drafted in the 1995 NHL Draft by the former Winnipeg Jets, who ultimately moved to Phoenix in 1997. Doan is just about nine years Predators captain Shea Weber’s senior and, although experience and wisdom comes along with age, Weber’s physique and youth may overpower Doan in the long run.
1 can cream corn
According to KILI, the Pipeline trucks are refusing to turn around claiming they have corporate rights that supercede any other laws
2) Participate in the Red Bull Flugtag
But most recently, we have had birds again. This time they are roosting in the newspaper slot of our mailbox. This is the fourth year they have set up home there despite Eric repeatedly removing nests (before they lay eggs - if there are eggs, we leave it alone like any good Samaritan) and despite blocking the entrance to the box. Trust me they are persistent little buggers.
Judyann McNamara, a Canadian homeopath, director of the Montreal College of Classical Homeopathy, and former physicist has said this of the report: “Circumstances have never been as opportune as now, in the quantum era for homeopathy to come to full acceptance by western medicine. The burgeoning new field of scientific research emerging from the convergence of nanoscience, biotechnology and quantum physics is paving the way for biologists to be able to understand the level at which homeopathy induces healing responses.”
15 oz (1 can) Pumpkin Puree- not the pie mix
Thanks to SBC we now how have some pics of P&O's 'smoking area'. Compare it with the above facilities provided by Holland America Line. Take into account that the pics of P&O's 'smoking area' were taken on the Channel and not the somewhat more rough and inclement North Sea. Also it was the middle of a nice day in summer and in calm seas.
and the women all were beautiful
When we got back, while Erik worked on the water pipe, I took Loki over to the field and let her run. The sky was looking pretty nasty and the wind was really picking up. I was actually starting to keep an eye out for funnel clouds. It rained a little, but nothing serious. It's supposed to storm tonight...hail and everything, but we're going to enjoy today as much as possible before that starts up.
Also, football season is in full swing! yay for Saturdays! boo for Sundays! i just can't get into pro football. Instead of griping and whining every Sunday afternoon, I have decided to turn Sunday afternoons into crafting opportunities. This Sunday I will make...
Sarah Pinborough – Diary Entry #3
Well, you get the idea.
“Neither party is blameless,” Obama said of the nation’s debt. “Both parties have a responsibility to do something about it.” Envisioning a way forward, the president said, “We need to put aside our differences to do what’s right for the country. Everyone is going to have to be willing to compromise. Otherwise, we’ll never get anything done.” Obama advocated a “balanced approach” to cutting the deficit that “goes after waste” and “makes some serious cuts to worthy programs” that wouldn’t be made “under normal circumstances.”… – CNN, 7-23-11
And that’s it for this month. I’m now going to relax, after I’ve done stocktaking tomorrow and handed in my assignment.
Unless the precise tone is right, grey has a dampening effect on other colours used with it. Heavy use of grey usually indicates a lack of confidence and fear of exposure.
What we are seeing on our streets is imported, it is a direct result of the uncontrolled immigration which successive governments have encouraged with criminal indifference to the well being of the native population they were elected to protect and serve.We are faced with a situation which was imposed upon us without democratic vote or accountability, it is a situation which is getting worse by the day and with which, we, our children and grandchildren will be dealing with for many years to come, however, we will not be able to deal with it until we call it by its real name.
The animals are cut from Create a critter at 4 1/2
I dreamt of your farewell party
The film tells the story of Joe Gillis, an unsuccessful screenwriter, played by William Holden who stumbles across the Hollywood mansion home of yesteryear in which Norma Desmond lives. A faded silent movie star, Gloria Swanson plays Norma. The film also stars the legendary director Erich Von Stroheim who plays Max, Desmond’s butler.
The mayor’s top priority isn’t budget proposals or city council meetings. Turns out, he’s using his trusted position as cover, quietly plotting in the shadows. He leads a sleeper cell outraged with what’s happening to their country. The group is ready to change things their way – and ain’t nothing in this world solved without violence.
I personally don’t watch My Life on the D-List; as I’ve said before, I can only take Griffin in small doses. But I do watch, and love, her stand-up specials. So it should come as little surprise that Official Book Club selection—a mixture of the two—was a mixed bag for me. On the one hand, I found Griffin’s early career fairly fascinating, even though the majority of it predates my life. On the other hand, the second half of the book felt like a bit of a rehash of stories I’ve seen on her comedy special (in fairness, I’m reading this book two years after it was released).
or at least parts of one.
They were ordered through Franklin Mint I had to wait 2 months before receiving the next one.
My favorite method of dry hopping so far is to put the hops in muslin bags with weights (sanitized marbles, stainless, or glass) and sink them down into the beer. I tie sanitized fishing like to the muslin bag to suspend the bag and retreive it later. This method provided awesome hop aroma to the SMaSH Willammette/Maris Otter Pale Ale I brewed recently.
This card uses the stamps in a more "country" style way...I just got the paper and embellishments at my local scrapbooking store Altered Playground. Cathy always keeps the coolest things in stock, and is always so helpful and full of inspiration. I feel lucky to have such an awesome store here in our small town! Anyway..the embellishments and paper are called "tinsel and twig" by "the girls paperie". I so fell in love with how it all worked together that I just started pulling things off the wall and couldn't wait to use it. Lucky we were to use the "Christmas Swirls" this week! I stamped the star in the set on the word printed side of the paper and embossed it with clear EP. Then I sponged it with a coordinating green ink using the star image as a resist, and cut it out. Then I put the rest of the card together using the sketch as a guide, and stamped the three words from the set last.
“My son immediately noticed that the animal was quite old. He felt sorry for it because it no longer had any front teeth,” Kilian’s father Bernhard Schoettel told the paper.
I hate them. So much so that I haven't purchased an actual pair of "real" shorts (i.e. not Sofee cheerleading shorts) in years. I've tried to like them, I really have. I try them on in the stores and then immediately think These are so dang uncomfortable! and peel them right off. When I was little, I once described a wedgie to my mom as being "all cracked up." And, that right there pretty much accurately describes the main reason I avoid shorts. They consistently leave me feeling all cracked up.
Technically I have not lost any weight but gained muscle and have certainly lost inches. My shirts are loose, the questions of "Hey are losing weight?" are starting, it's almost a normal habit for me to drink lots of water and tea, and I can definitely tell I have a lil spring back to my step. That sounds corny but it's true. I love going to stores and having clothes fit right, not worrying that the shirt is too tight or that the jeans are making a muffin top. I'll stick to my cupcakes. hehe. I actually allow myself to have 1 cupcake a week from my class. There is no use in depriving myself, because if I indulge a lil bit I won't want more than 1.
If you’re feeling like trying something new,
‘Conversely, demotion in a hierarchy decreases dopamine levels, increases stress and reduces cognitive function.’
Change Bug.
MK did design a corner to turn this edging inward, and I used this corner twice in a row to make the bottom point. However, I also needed to turn it outward in order to drop down and make that point. For this, I had to change a cluster of rings and a chain to make it turn. All that's left is to finish the second side, dampen and press it both to make it flat and to pre-shrink it, and sew it to the shirt.
So thick a haze o’erspreads the sky,
We have this almost endless relentless asskissing and support for even religious value's of some religion's that is just supporting irrational behaviour and degrading to people as well based on gender, sex, culture, other religious affiliation's, etc ... basically nowhere bitching and endless conflict's. This is importante now, because over the last few year's I have seen way too much of this being incorporated into our govenment and politic's ... and THAT is NOT American Value's at all. These people are NOT trying to tell ANYONE what they should believe ... they are just a lil sick and tired of being put down because they dont follow someone else's code who is larger, more powerful and has more money than they need to waste on their agenda's and force feeding American's their value's of what ever cult they may belong to. Enough from me on this ... Mr. Silverman point's out enough.
Archer is the cutest cuddliest lil man he is obsessed with diggers trucks and mummy's iphone , He is very bright and is like a mini version of his Daddy they are so alike it scares us , He is very bright and definately a boy sometimes poor Mummy doesn't get a look in
But that’s what I’m doing on this lovely sunny saturday..
Sally Turlington It would either be encaustics because I love the smell of wax as well as the muted look and nostalgic feel of it OR it would be wall hangings or assemblages or some kind of art (besides art jewelry) with metal because using all those heavy duty, REAL tools is so macho or groovy or something impressive -- for a girl! LOL.
warm & breezy here today, sunny and when the wind gusts up, the petals from the apple tree swirl down to the ground...what a way to start the day, first cuppa joe on the patio...
Logical device number 0
Have a blessed weekend!
Learning about D/s, growing and experimenting...
A strong heart beats in well-tuned ears,
By Frosty Wooldridge
Well a half a cider and black for me is minimum on an outing to a public house in the summer, and cokes for the kids, after we had earned it of course, we did the walk between Denford i.e. the Holly Bush public house and walked along the canal towards Cheddleton before turning 360 degrees and heading back towards the pub for a well earned beverage.
I'm triple staking my tomatoes again
And so here I sit an absolute emotional cripple, barely functioning as I try to grapple with what the fuck has gone wrong, once more .. And I have honestly no idea, nothing triggered it that I am aware of. It just happened..
-Corey
Created a new bathroom
“Help, master, help! Here’s a fish hangs in the net, like a poor man’s right in the law.” (Pericles, 2.1.153), Fisherman
Lewis Freeman, Fordham University. The City as Children’s Classroom: What Children Have to Teach Us About Cities
Oh, my trainer and I matched outfits last night. It was cute. And we listened to death metal. It's good hard core working out music.
Bookkeeping
I do love the snow.
I want to end on one of the things I really enjoy about these skewers that I feel make them even more special. They’re arranged from small pieces at the bottom to larger pieces at the top. AJ says this is so they cook evenly, since the convection of the heat flows from front to back, making it hotter toward the larger pieces, ensuring the small bites and bigger bites are all cooked perfectly at the same time. I challenge you to try that at home. I will add, that it makes each bite unique as well. Some are small chewy bits, while others are soft meaty bits. It’s a fun mix of textures that pick up more or less sauce, more or less oak, and make each mouthful different than the last.
Soon after taking the throne and banishing his little brother, he then found out about that his wife and his own brother had been having a affair. Pissed off he decided to exact his revenge (and in those time payback, was horribly uneven.) Atreus took a play out of his grandfather's book and had his brother's children brought to him and killed, he had their body parts cut up and cooked (save for their hands and feet) Atreus then allowed his brother to return for dinner. And it was after Thyestes had finished his dinner that Atreus revealed what he had cooked for him. To add further insult to injury, Atreus taunted his brother with HANDS AND FEET of Thyestes' sons! (This guy clearly one upped his grandfather) Thyestes immediately fled in disgust, but not before cursing his brother and his family. (Let's see next week how this effects Atreus and his family. (I'll give you a hint, it doesn't end well)
The same thing is happening in other countries. In fact, right here in America we see that more and more people are waking up. Often for no apparent reason, they are finding out that Orthodoxy is the real Church. This is happening also in Western Europe and in other countries.
Surface Treatment Workshop is no longer a pre-order item on Amazon but actually in people's hands and we are getting emails about it already. Sandra and I are both thrilled about the finished product. It is really is a great for your art arsenal.
No problem. (Or so I thought.)
A verse to cling to in all this is Psalm 56:3 which says: “Whenever I am afraid, I will trust in You”. Jacob was holding on when things looked bad – he was trusting God. His way did not work and now He was trusting God’s way.
Van Wertheim Dillen PME. Cytomegalovirus infections at risk groups: transmission and pathogenesis. Thesis, University of Amsterdam, 1985.
Nice thing about working at the hardware store is that I have no emotional investment in the enterprise. As my old dad once said, when they lose their power to fire you, work is kind of fun.
Do not burst his wife shouting "I know everything!" And it asks you what kind, in what year was the Battle of Trafalgar.
Tomorrow and Friday we will be reviewing EVERYTHING we have learned! Then Monday we take the HESI exit exam and in the afternoon we have rehearsal for the Candle lighting ceremony! Next tuesday will be the Candle lighting ceremony and Wednesday will be the college's graduation ceremony! So it's gonna be busy these next couple of days! But I'm super excited about it! My grandma Ester came from Brazil for my graduation, which just made me so happy! I'll definitely be posting pics on both of those events! Until then :)
Whatever he does now, he will still lose this election. Because he has left it all too late.
I would also add a sub-point here – that to include the gospel in every sermon text you preach. The gospel is simple, so matter which text you are preaching from, you can always include the gospel message, somewhere in there.
and with ERP of
My writing!
Bake at 325 degrees (make sure you don't do 350) for 14-18 minutes (check them!) until they just start to look light brown on top. This recipe will make a big batch. I put them in my freezer and eat them right out of the freezer. This is my favorite way to eat them!
So they talked all night about their lives
lives within her,
Update: Cheryl and Co. has contacted me to send me a replacement for my order. I must say I am impressed with the timely response and nice people working there! :)
the doctor said that he is going to be a tall boy, no surprise there since his daddy is 6'3, and that he is developing perfectly. he also said that we are good to start feeding him rice cereal twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening. in a month, he said we can start giving him half a serving of vegetables at lunch, which should be easy to do considering my husband surprised me with this bad boy on mother's day...
Merrell: This doesn't concern you Gerardo.
freshly whipped cream
Exactly like the double edge of a cold familiar knife
"Let’s get this straight MATE! For a start I happen to a be a lady, a rather refined lady collie and secondly, and for your information, my name just so happens to be Kelly...satisfied now....HONEY?"
In the original Dungeoneer each completed Quest gained your hero a level. Each level was a significant increase in power.
I said, "No, Patty, I literally don't have a single dollar on me." (Which was the honest truth, I had no cash at all because I hadn't been expecting to go out.)
This is my last post for a few days. I hope everyone has a Merry Christmas & creates some wonderful memories with family & friends. If you don't celebrate Christmas, I hope you still enjoy some time with those who are dear to you :)
Note: We picked the name Old Widda Smith at random and because we thought it sounded homey. Our deranged subconscious led us off to the pie connection. We apologize and would like to make clear that we have no financial stake in the Mrs. Smith’s Pies company nor should our inadvertent mention of their products in any way constitute an endorsement of their tasty products.
I see in part, He sees it all.
If you knew that having a child would result in even one animal being tortured and killed, would you knowingly get pregnant or get someone else pregnant?
4. Put two spoons waffle mixture on each section of **waffle iron, then bake for about 2 minutes, remove from the iron. Do the same with the rest of the mixture until finish.
I think Keller highlights something really important here about Christians and Art. He is echoing CS Lewis and Francis Schaeffer on this as well. But great music and great art can’t lead you to believe life is meaningless because they express something of the reality we are in – the need of a saviour. What better people to show them the true saviour then christian artists in our churches?
Merciful: will be shown mercy to
Meanwhile, melt you chocolate in the microwave or double boiler according to the directions on the package.
I'm afraid I've only managed to draw complete blanks about The Zippers, who would seem to be an all-female group from America with definite soul leanings. This was their only British single, but what a single it is - "My Sailor Boy" on the A-side is raw, ragged but decidedly Pop, and fizzes with energy and enthusiasm. With some records, false bonhomie creeps through the sterility of the slick production and multiple takes and ruins the potential energy of a track, but this genuinely sounds like unsuppressed gusto.
Having decided to mix tattooing with tech, Marc streamed the whole tattooing process live on Facebook, encouraging users to voice their thoughts and questions while he worked. Questions such as: ‘You know that’s permanent, right?’
There were many things that were said in the heat of the moment on elections night as seat after seat fell safely into the Opposition’s hands exceeding the wildest wild dreams of even Jack Warner. I don’t remember who said what and what was real and what was a dream but I recall the crowd at Reinzi Complex making the Do-So sign as Percy Villafana briefly addressed them. Somebody said they beat them in the East, they beat them in the West…you know the rest. The PNM ship is now in dry-dock and a court-martial and even a flogging is due soon and few will disagree with what Crazy sang every night for this election season – Patrick Manning have to goe.
Tom: combination…
Good, brain work.... figuring out how to direct the dogs with our body language.... funny how our bodies rarely do what our brains tell them to do when we are learning something new. Ya watch and think it looks simple enough... til you try it and discover it's not quite so easy.... like pattin your head and rubbin your belly while chewin gum and walkin down the street.
It's useful for us because it's centred on the writer's relationship to what they're writing: a time, a place, voices, manners, mores, spirits and innumerable practical details that we can't know directly. Even if you're fifty and your historical novel is set in in 1946, your ninety-year-old neighbour who would love to help is not, quite, the same person now as he was when he was a bright young sergeant under Monty, or a file-clerk at the Nuremberg trials, so you can't quite borrow his knowing either. And his wife is - sadly - no longer with us.
could we ever have said I love you
In a shit attempt to curb road deaths, S’Bu Ndebele ordered the JMPD (and other road agencies) to confiscate peoples licenes if they were arrested for any traffic offenses across the festive season. After having a number of senior legal people both in the Dept. of Transport, political parties and others tell him it was illegal, he sorta forgot about this idea. He sadly forgot to tell the fat fuckers called JMPD. So a number of people have no license as a result of them being dumb as shit and not checking the laws.As an aside, please be aware that only the courts have the power to cancel or suspend your license. You have the right to have legal council present and to defend yourself againt the piggies.
As with Carucci’s work, and my own work, I can once again see a colour theme and the soft tones running throughout this project. I found that this is something I, personally, did unintentionally, and while I do not know if this is the case with Carucci and David, I am thinking that it is something that needs to be there for a project like this to work.
And no one really knows how or why this number of 20 years came about. I can only assume it was to serve as a guesstimate as to how long it would take to receive the required incentives. Certainly there are certain sectors of technology where the market lead time that a decent innovation would make is sufficient to receive the required incentives - such as software, which in any case is usually obsolete after just 10 years, forget 20.
The combination marks the beginning of the end of the current American regime.
What about words that are mentioned in the dictionary, in one of the definitions, but are not defined. Proper names of historical figures, like Einstein, for example, or Napoleon, might be mentioned in a definition, but most likely would not be defined in the dictionary. These words would not count in the minimum set, as they are not considered (by the dictionary) to be words that must be known to understand the language.
Life is still good here on the Livingston front. Max is officially three which is still crazy to think about. His labs are still good and he continues to do very well both developmentally and in growth. He has gained a little bit of an attitude since his third birthday which means that his new favorite word is "NO!" Mommy and daddy are NOT very excited about it. He spends a little more time in time out these days as well. He is testing his boundaries more and more each day and mommy seems to be loosing her patience with it a little more than daddy is, but that's a three year old for you.
- My modem didn't work on it, so I had to go buy a Vista friendly one just to get back on the net.
today on my ipod - heavenly day (patty griffin), rise up (diane birch), hello it's me (todd rundgren), hey leonardo (blessid union of souls), how come (ray lamontagne), hideway (the weepies), hold my hand (hootie & the blowfish), hold on you (jeff bridges), the honey tree (mostar driving club), songbird (eva cassidy)
Noah!--The Dixie Four (Dixie Four 107; Indianapolis IN)
The most time consuming part of this process was peeling and coring the apples. Luckily my husband jumped in to core and cut the apples as I was peeling them, so this greatly sped up the process. So, if you have an extra set of hands around, grab them and have them join in on the fun! Plus, my philosophy is, if the recipe flops, and you had a helper, you can always put the blame on them!! Just kidding! ;)
from my sandal
Florian: While we were camping, one person had to stay awake to watch for polar bears. You never have a safe point when both of you can sleep for a period of time. You can never relax and between having to melt snow for water and cooking food, photographing during good light and polar bear watching you start not getting any good sleep. You get so exhausted that you don’t care if a polar bear comes or not. From the film side, filming under the ice is difficult, because the water is 29 degrees and you have to bring the big camera housing through a small hole in the ice. You only get 3 minutes to film which also makes it difficult.
1. just go ahead and shop at:
1. A New Day Yesterday
-1/2 tsp salt
Father I pray these truths become as real to us as the air we breath the things we see and smell and taste and hear and that we touch. Give us spiritual discernment that we confess you as Lord and lean upon your promises and rest in the assurance that you love us with a perfect love. Manifest that love in us today that we may walk in the Spirit all day. In Jesus Name.
When I got home from work (before I ate dinner), I headed out for my c25k training. W2D2. I’m running 1 1/2 minutes this week and walking 2 minutes in between runs. That extra 30 seconds was hard, but I kept my goals at the front of my mind and kept running. Today was HOT out, too, so I was sweating before I was even halfway through.
Just for fun, see if you can involve all five senses AND include these random words: "synbatec," "wastopaneer," and "tacise." (NB. these words are completely made up and are not intended to have any meaning other than the one you give them).
Indeed, each month in your calendar is and has ben crucial to the bringing-forth of so many pure energies and to the continual building-up of the disclosure announcements that are to hit you like a ton of bricks whenever you see such things on your TVs.
"See" you in a bit over a week!
The bed dipped by her head, and Jason cupped her chin and removed her blindfold. She blinked in the sudden light and couldn't help the groan once her eyes adjusted. Both men were naked, and the muted lighting hid nothing of their glorious physique. At the hungry way Jacob looked at her exposed pussy, more wetness seeped out of her, and he groaned, cupping his huge erection and stroking his long shaft. The drop of precum on his thick tip glistened, and he pumped faster, his gaze not once leaving her pussy.
(The bottom three pictures (that aren’t mine) are from the blog Big Barrels and Air Reverses. I found this blog about a year ago, and I can’t even count how many times I’ve been on this site since. I hope you enjoy them as well.
To get persons who take like apple ipods, phones, or another variety of gadgets, search for a travelling bag owning pockets and also storage area fleshlight sleeves pertaining to like widgets. While moving about for the leather case, analyze on an interior lining from the case. A new line's performance would be to put off this leather via spreading colouring for household leather satchel bag items. The liner in such hand bags should be well prepared involving outstanding quality fabric. Products or services household leather solution out there, find all set in order to characteristically attend to most of these household leather satchel carrier having suitable preservation in addition to toning down equipment. You need to abide by company's maintenance strategies before you go for any cleansing technique of household cambridge satchel leather satchel carrier.
Lewis tells me: “Just because black people are laughing, doesn’t mean you’re allowed to make the racial joke. It doesn’t mean you can tell that joke to an audience of white people. It doesn’t mean you’re going to get a laugh from it. It doesn’t mean they’re not going to hate you.
The little boy nodded solemnly, then asked, "Why don't they wear clothes?"
Please suggest other trickster books for kids in the comments! I'll list them here:
It kind of felt a lot like the establishment saying - ok we'll concede that it's 'art', but only on our terms and in our frames. Sanitised? Diluted?...I don't know. I would really like to know what motivated some of the artists to choose to be a part of it though.
studded gloves
Despite the ruling party’s fervent attempts to assuage rising resentment, frustration and anger on the ground, Singaporeans remain unconvinced by their reasoning that foreigners are “essential” to Singapore.
The story is here:
Of course, even though we knew our granite was protected, we couldn’t help but worry about spilling things on it. Who wants to wreck their brand new countertops?
She may be a controversial figure in Singapore, being vilified by many for the mess SMRT is in now, but ex-SMRT CEO Saw Phaik Hwa is still popular among SMRT staff as they threw a farewell party for her yesterday afternoon at Jurong Crew Station, packed with more than 100 staff from the Rail Operations Branch comprising Train Officers, Customer Services Officers from stations, OCC, HQ and the Circle Line.
gets really, really stressed out sometimes when we are with big groups.
In 2008 Kelvin Sampson resigned in disgrace from the fallen monument that had once been Bobby Knight’s Indiana Hoosier basketball program. Sampson had broken so many NCAA rules it was impossible to see IU into the future. The sanctions were harsh, the infractions stunning since Sampson was already on-watch for offenses committed while at Oklahoma. Among them, public reprimand and censure, 3 years probation through 2011, a 5 year show-cause order which included severe recruiting restrictions, and a reduction of basketball scholarships. There were several more and short of the feared “death penalty” Indiana Basketball had been banished to the Stone Age.
Spiders…their 8 long, hairy legs, watchful eyes, paralysing venom and their delicately spun death traps are a great source of fear for many people. What is more scary than a death machine created by Nature that in my opinion has more intelligence than the average human?
My own children's library program *came into my life* not much longer after that declaration to the Universe.
His practice in the field of nutrition, brain health, cognition and healthy aging is located in Reno, Nevada. Dr. Romeo does not engage in the practice of medicine in the State of Nevada.
video synopsis on this adult romance ebook by: Eric S.
Hmm, if the Left was to have a motto, that would be it. Let tomorrow take care of itself.
Wait, hold up, I have one more thing. The term fag hag just does not work for the lesbian community, in my humble opinion. Lesbros is cool, but it’s still not quite right and Dutch Boys? Again, I don’t even understand what that means. Why doesn’t it work? Well, the term fag HAG – too negative. She hangs around fags and she’s a hag. Sorry, but part of that term is saying – she’s an ugly witch and no straight dude would ever want her. Nope, I don’t think that’s totally true. It’s a snap judgement and therefore, probably more indicative of the bitchy queen that made it up more than anything else. I’m the owner of my own life-time-vag, so I think it’s only fair that I get to make up the term. Plus, a person who hangs out with another person AND either a) doesn’t want to make sexies with them or b) has too many insecurities to find a similar person of the opposite sex – well, they have enough problems without also calling them ugly to boot.
“We will discuss with you the best combination, compared with the amount you would like to earn, and the Retail Price resulting from that.
Africa Confidential however contends that keeping the enthusiasts on a leash for at least a year will be hard, not least on Zanu (PF)’s strained financial resources. "Targeting humanitarian aid and agricultural inputs directly to the beneficiaries has eliminated the local party chiefs’ patronage and their ability to skim and profiteer. By getting the economy going and education and health back on their feet, the MDC has made the peasantry less beholden to Zanu (PF)," said the think-tank.
I picked up the new Real Living mag today and spotted this beauty so now I have been daydreaming all afternoon about my own little beach house!
Almasneszmely would be our last village. All in all we were glad we dealt with our squeamishness about staying in such small places. They were interesting and the restaurants were excellent.
I knew when I saw this I was going to get all Die-licious all over it, and I was so tempted to use my butterfly embosslit, but I knew I couldn't resist my new toys.
Boy are you one heck of a wild man these days! Literally bouncing off the walls. Every time I turn around your jumping and kicking walls, or falling down and hurting yourself, or knocking something over or just plain making a mess. I hate that every 10 minutes I’m having to tell you to calm down, or to stop, or to be quiet because everything you do comes with awesome sound effects!
This one is the Aerial Lift Bridge and Ship Canal Entrance to Duluth Superior Harbor.
Dismantling the ramparts around my fears is a slow process, the tools more often like nail files than wrecking balls. With persistence and the aid of erosion, maybe even these inadequate implements will be able to scratch some small breaches into the edifice.
So, this morning, after I dragged my butt out of bed and I woke up my three youngest (the older three had already gotten ready and left for school), I trudged over to the couch where I lay back down under a mound of blankets. Ten more minutes, I thought to myself. I've got ten more minutes to lie here like a slug before I have to get up.
Critic’s Score: 8.6
This slow-burning book has a very real story to tell about modern Army life. It is a story of sacrifices made on all sides.
Devon wins the match with a Spinebuster, to retain his title.
Read this out loud and clear…Today I want you to get in front of the things that’s holding you back to becoming the best you can be…
Things began to change in the spring of 1984 as I thought about teaching the Vietnam War one more time. I kept coming back to two things: my desire to show the impact of the war on those who did not fight in it; and the title of George Herring’s book–Vietnam was “America’s Longest War,” and we had been involved in it in one way or another for twenty-five years. I jotted down a series of key dates in the Vietnam conflict, from 1950, the tentative beginnings of our involvement there, through May 1975, when Saigon fell to the North Vietnamese. Next to each date I briefly noted how old I was at the time, what I was doing, and, where possible, how a particular event affected me. This filled only half a page, but the exercise both personalized the war for me and opened an avenue to explore in a small way the domestic impact of Vietnam. What I had produced was the sketchy odyssey of a kid from the lower middle class growing up during “America’s Longest War.”
If you don't know the story of how the Rockefeller arm of the GOP turned on conservative Barry Goldwater in 1964, ensuring he would lose the presidential election, it's all part of the long going story of progressivism in the Republican party that dates back to the days of Abraham Lincoln. There are many in the Republican party who detest the word conservative. They look down upon conservatives and libertarians in the Republican party, and they only use us in hopes we will vote for the lesser of two evils.
Families of the dead have expressed “dismay and shock” at a move which Mr Leckey’s lawyer warned could jeopardise the scheduled start of the inter-linked inquests in April next year.
I can show you all the very things that you don’t want to see,
Dahlia Seed - Teas! 7" ... Theologian Records 1994
Gulps of black rubber stun
All valuation is done by conscious organisms. And these organisms value because they have been evolved to value, and they have been evolved to value one thing: complexity. For by acting in a manner that they believe will allow them to increase in complexity (to continue living, growing, and developing), organisms value complexity. Evolution, however, does not ‘value’ (more on this sort of valuation) merely complexity, but robustness, that is, the ability to make complexity increase in a sustainable manner. This is why robustness, which is composed of both complexity and sustainability, is essential for network ethics. Organisms value complexity, but the overall goal of evolution is to create organisms that value robustness. The gap between one state and the other, the valuation of complexity and that of robustness, is the separation between evolution as it is and evolution as it strives to be.
Kill team would essentially allow you to build a 200 point “army” drawing from troops, elites, fast, or heavy where each model acts as their own unit on the table- giving most armies around 10-20 models to command in total. Played on a smaller board with some very densely packed terrain the action is going to be fast and furious.
By the way, if your homeschool needs a little boost from the winter doldrums, be sure to check out the link on my sidebar from Homeschool Connections. They're offering a great deal from now until the end of the month of December. You can log into one of their recorded American history courses and try it out FREE for the next two weeks.
Here is what i gathered.
How it works
I lay across the bed, and he rubs Aloe Vera into my smoldering bottom.
Samsung is very aggressive when it comes to their smartphone lines. Anytime soon, they will be unveiling the latest models of its Galaxy series.
*hot chocolate & rolls
New Sen. Ron Johnson remains a cipher to most voters in his first year in office. His name recognition is up a bit from May, but those who have an opinion on him now who didn't before are split evenly in approval and disapproval. 39% approve, 35% disapprove, and still 26% aren't sure how they feel about his performance so far. Three months ago, it was 35-31-34.
9. When you die, how do you want to be remembered?
But here's the good news. As of this morning I am down 6.8 pounds. Randy is down almost 10. We are still totally committed. Seriously.
The beef-flavoured Finn McCool snacks are particularly nice too, although I've never liked the story of Finn McCool as in most incarnations (including your own on the back of the packets) he's a colossal coward, and I'm not sure that's something to be celebrating. Then again, the Titanic did sink, so who knows. Not me. Or you, you just want to make crisps all day long.
Even when symptoms occur, they can be so mild or vague, most people don't even realize it's heart-related (unless they are made aware). Four things in particular are the most sinister signs of a silent heart attack.
5) One of the great things about polymer clay is that there is absolutely no waste. Just take the clay that was left over from cutting your shapes out and repeat steps 1-4 until you have the design you want.
"Relvin! Clearseer!"
I lovingly made each link of this necklace, connected and shaped them, while wishing for rain.
Share our personal stores far beyond the choir. Climate change and renewable energy are not vote turning issues for the majority of our population. Less than 2% voting Green. If more engaged in NDP or Sask Party, then big shift. 250 Green votes in Regina South meant nothing.
I wouldn't mind making another one, but next time in something finer & much better quality.
Hope you're all staying warm. There is snow on the ground in 49 states (Florida being the only hold-out). Even Hawaii has it!! Pretty cool.
Frankly, I had forgotten how bad the flu was. Isn't it just like a cold? An over-hyped version of the sniffles? Let me tell you now that the answer is no. The CDC gives these differences:
Using circle cutter or template, cut a 7" circle around the assembled center piece. (I could have gotten away with being less precise on the center circle seam if I had waited to cut the outer circle until now.)
These key proteins produce subtle responses to the brains activity levels to regulate the amount of information transmitted by kainate receptors – responsible for communication between nerve cells and whose activation can lead to epileptic seizures and nerve cell death.
Of course I pressed #5. No spoiler here, if you want to find out the joke of the day, you'll have to call them yourself.
There, I feel better for having explained my views on the subject. Feel free to share your views in the comments.
An open letter to Delta Airlines:
Eh, I'm not going to overthink it. The bottom line is, I find this peachy flavor addictive, and it keeps showing up in my beer fridge. I'm not sure it's a taste that immediately says "Christmas" (or whatever winter holiday you prefer) but it's definitely says Texas, and I'm good with that.
5. “In sickness and in health”… be there for them as they were there for you in your hour of need.
As well as Roger’s and Bethany’s diaries and letters to each other - interspersed with the occasional letter from Bethany’s mother and other Staples employees, many chapters of The Gum Thief are chapters from Roger’s attempt at a novel: Glove Pond. Unfortunately, this novel is bad. Deliberately bad writing - at least deliberate on Coupland’s part - full of dry dialogue, telling-not-showing, faux-intellectual ponderings on life and creative but not quite successful imagery. And when so much of a book is full of bad writing and pretentiousness, even as a literary device, the lingering impression I take away from reading the book is - bad writing and pretentiousness. Glove Pond colours The Gum Thief - or perhaps I should say it sucks out all the colour, leaving a white and grey, cold and somewhat empty-feeling novel.
He needs it least
9 bags Lay's Potato chips
"I told you I'd be back to fuck that sweet ass." Jacob's words were muffled as he continued his assault on her breasts. Jason's kiss turned passionate and helpless to resist; she retaliated by wrapping her tongue round his. He groaned, and his cock nudged her naked thigh. He broke the kiss, sliding his full lips across her jaw to her ears.
Junior year in high school, my heart was razed by a senior. We met in Trig. He was first chair vocalist in the state choir. Amazing. And he had floppy bangs.
The word bhajete is significant here. Bhajete has its root in the verb bhaj, which is used when there is need of service. The English word “worship” cannot be used in the same sense as bhaja. Worship means to adore, or to show respect and honor to the worthy one. But service with love and faith is especially meant for the Supreme Personality of Godhead. One can avoid worshiping a respectable man or a demigod and may be called discourteous, but one cannot avoid serving the Supreme Lord without being thoroughly condemned. Every living entity is part and parcel of the Supreme Personality of Godhead, and thus every living entity is intended to serve the Supreme Lord by his own constitution. Failing to do this, he falls down. The Bhāgavatam confirms this as follows:
When Mike Mignola tires (however briefly) of a steady diet of Hellboy, he turns to diversions such as creating The Amazing Screw-On Head.
Didn't think that right.. ;)
Meeting the wolves.
It is a question of faith, not one for science.
“They’ll be here in less than ten minutes. We’ll just get on the other side of the highway and wait for them.”
There is no end of wars. Not a single second of peace all over the Earth.
Yes. We had a birthday. Which meant a birthday party. Our parties have changed. There were a LOT of healthy options. There was also cake. A four layer white chocolate cake with raspberry flavoured icing. YUM! (I LOVE to bake!)
And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose;
What was on your hard drive when it crashed? If you're like most people, you've got hundreds---perhaps thousands---of digital photos.
Thank you George the Lad and Rose H. The unidentified flower in my last post is indeed a Pheasant Berry (what a fantastic name). Sherri B. I thought it was some kind of fushia too. Looks very much like it, doesn't it?
day in
Unley Council, which has been forced to collect almost $4million from Unley ratepayers on behalf of the Natural Resources Management Board in the past six years, has renewed its call for the unpopular “levy” to be removed from the Local Government sector and transferred to State Government.
On Sunday morning (his 6th birthday) he said, "Mommy, I'm done sucking my thumb." I was so proud of him. He made it through the entire day.
I'm already starting to identify some staples that keep popping up in my outfits, like my skinny black belt. I wear it a lot and it helps my outfits feel put together. I'm a big fan of belts in general. They're something small that can create an entirely new silhouette for an outfit. Check out the different uses of my skinny black belt below.
93-98 Crystal (quartz, diamond, etc.)
Black plays Hal Larson, who, along with his buddy Mauricio (Jason Alexander), spends all his spare time acting like an obnoxious jerk while trying to pick up gorgeous women out of his league. Both of them are superficial and--hypocritically, if you ask me--contemptuous towards unattractive people. By accident, Hal becomes trapped in an elevator with self-help scam artist (Hush. He is.) Tony Robbins. Robbins hypnotizes Hal to see the inner beauty of people in hopes he can find true love.
1 teaspoon yellow mustard
As you know, for many years, the policy regarding use of the Capitol grounds has been quite simple. Each and every group - be it civic, educational, or yes, political in nature – has been required to fill out a permit application. This application is kept on file, to ensure that all activities are on the calendar and both staff and security are aware. Furthermore, the permits prevent scheduling conflicts and possible friction between groups.
No, they’re not and there’s no such thing that I know of but we have just come home from a rowing function and Boy got straight into his pyjamas as soon as we had unloaded a couple of bags. I asked if he’d let me photograph him wearing them so I could be part of Karen’s Pyjama Party Sewalong reveal. He’s an obliging sort of chap, so he put them on and said they felt like 70s flares because they’re wide-legged. They’re actually straight-legged, not a flare in sight, but he’s accustomed to skinnier styles. He was also wearing the trial sweatshirt I made for him and you could just about get away with calling it a match with the PJ bottoms as they’re both green and although not the same green, the tonality is similar. I took a photo, just one.
and there are other times when he'll fall to pieces over something i'd categorize as no big deal – he'll drop a toy or take a tiny tumble and it'll end in a four alarm fire of cries.
679 D-IX/24/1974. “Notes on Mr. Strauss’s Three Essay in Interpretation.” The Irregular Seminar in Political Philosophy, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
After all, I'm a human mother. And my children are human children. And I want to have the best possible relationships with my children, two of my favorite humans on the planet.
We can have a browse, take in spot of lunch,
5 The Guardian on a Saudi law to have only females work in lingerie stores. Saudi Arabia will begin enforcing a law that allows only females to work in lingerie and apparel stores, despite disapproval from the country’s top cleric. The 2006 law banning men from working in female apparel and cosmetic stores has not been implemented up to now, partly because of view of hardliners in the religious establishment, who oppose the idea of women working where men and women congregate together. Saudi women – tired of dealing with men when buying underwear – have boycotted lingerie stores to pressure owners to employ women. Law enforcement starts on Thursday.
Great variety of colors and styles
Who’s my NEIGHBOR, I’m Your NEIGHBOR
Based on what has been considered above, then it seems very unlikely that the UKSC would grant special leave, let alone grant an appeal.
LORI PETTY (A League of Their Own)
Just to show you how dense the cornfield is, here is a photo of me standing three feet inside the stalks. (I’m in the far left row. You can see the shadow of my head in the bottom left hand corner of the picture.) When I realized how impossible it would be for you to see me, I considered taking another photo. Then I remembered: Startled deer. Foxes. And who knows – maybe even another me.
I'm not saying there aren't times when it is hard and things are not quite so wonderful. It seems like all doom and gloom out there, with all the problems that libraries, librarians and school librarians are having with closures, no funding and job cuts, and the retail side of things being squashed until there are so few bookshops left; not to mention publishers and publishing contracts being even harder to come by.
Sun Oven ($239)
There are such a lot of blogging police about these days, telling us 'how to' and 'how not to', but when all's said and done, I reckon the majority of us blog what we like. And that, in my opinion, is exactly how it should be. I've had people emailing me in the past, telling me how to improve or change my blog, what I should write about, what I shouldn't, but all their emails get deleted into the ether, because frankly, this is my blog, not theirs.
Freshcraft at 1530 Blake St. offers a nice selection of 20 beers on tap, and a solid selection of around 100 bottles. The food at Freshcraft looked great, however we were only there for beer. Odell’s brewing had a firkin of Imperial Barrel Aged Porter sitting on the bar. I’m a sucker for firkins and Odells is one of my favorite breweries. Despite the Odells, I couldn’t fight the temptation--I opted for Russian River’s Temptation Ale, aged in French Oak wine barrels. Thanks to one of our friends who saw the firkin, I did get to taste the Odells Imperial Porter, and it was magnificent.
This will help the cabbages not to dry out. Let them soak in salt for 45 minutes.
NASA has apparently warned people against touching any part of the satellite they might find lying around on the ground.
Big summer signing Stephen Donald has not lived up to expectations in his first season but the World-Cup winning fly-half is not the only; a squad that contains plenty of talent has underperformed as a whole.
Hilda Ogden is an absolute travesty of a character. The fact that she was voted the greatest soap opera character ever in a Radio Times poll 17 years after her last appearance, was voted in 1982 the fourth most recognizable woman in Britain - topping Thatcher - and is generally one of Coronation Street’s most beloved characters is deeply, deeply upsetting.
The track’s wide variety of corners make it a severe test of man and machine, which is why it’s a favourite test venue for the teams. Two of the three pre-season tests took place at the Circuit de Catalunya and, between them, Jenson and Lewis have already notched up 3,500km around the track this year.
9:21pm: Well, crap. The morphine finally wore off.
I will always remember you. I will always encourage others to remember you too. It's hard though because the farther away from your birth/death we get, the less people talk about you. I will always say I have three children. I will never deny you no matter how it makes other people feel. You matter. You always have and you always will.
IceOut is one of those event quite a few of our guides have wanted to head to Bozeman to attend _ but most of us were on the water, with caddis on the wing and we were all wearing summer weight gear, unlike our compatriots in these videos.
The Chemical Brothers – Further (2010): The Chemical Brothers are back, with an album that definitely ranks high up in their discography. The first two songs, “Snow” and “Escape Velocity,” complement each other perfectly and set the tone for this excellent house recording. Catchy beats and good use of layers and dynamics make this a fun album through and through.
by David Mazzucchelli, 2009
Arriving at an odd hour, in a lull between lunch and the evening crowds, there were plenty of seats to choose from at the scrubbed pine tables. Drei Bier, bitte. Three Spezial Lagerbiers. €2.30 each. Lovely soft carbonation, light caramel and raisins and a waft of sweet smoke on the back. That does the job. Food. Kassler with a rather strong Sauerkraut and bread. Spot on. Spezial Märzen please. Plummy, more raisins, a nice toasty edge under the soft rauch notes. Nicer than the bottled version. Far too easy to drink. Spezial Ungespundetes, the only unsmoked beer they make? Remarkably fruity aroma, like a mix of bubblegum and pear drops. Comes across in the flavour too, like liquidised candy. Not so sure if I like it, but it's hard to follow the smoked beers. If you're there, and it's on, go for this first. Spezial is a nice place, and it seems we spent a couple of hours here, shooting the breeze, catching up and sipping delicious beer. But I bet it's a lot better in the evening with a full crowd.
Today's photo is *Something that makes you Sad*
I’m in my room; it’s siesta time! I’m, obviously, not sleeping. It’s Saturday. and I slept until 14:00h (2pm), when I woke up I went out to the living and it was time to eat! We had some awesome soup that doesn’t even deserve to be called soup; it’s so much better than that!
For dessert we had fruit salad and raw chocolate morsels from a recipe in Raw for Dessert by Jennifer Cornbleet. (reviewed here) The recipe I used was for Chocolate Cupcakes, and it was wonderful. Ever since I got my candy moulds, I've been obsessed with using them and this was the perfect recipe for making small-sized treats. (The moulds are fantastic, and if you are thinking about purchasing moulds, I recommend these.) After filling the moulds, I placed them in the freezer until the "cupcakes" were firm, then popped them out and stored them in a tightly sealed container in the freezer until serving time. They don't actually freeze, and are just right for eating right from the freezer. (More about these later.)
ThoughtYouShouldKnow.com
Apple's registered design for a handheld computer
My foster daughter tells me that while she was pregnant, she felt the weight of people’s judgmental stares. Accountability is most effective when done in LOVE! All of us need grace, accountability and love. Again, this is why I urge you to be transparent and glorify the God who loves you and has forgiven your sins too! Embrace the teen mothers who are doing their best, encourage truth, and spare no detail. For a girl who goes through an abortion, the details WILL NEVER spare her.
.thank you to Kawaii Fair Designers for the hard work & creativity!.
The vehicle carrying a routine police patrol becomes stuck in mud, shortly after which another vehicle suffers the same fate nearby. Police become suspicious and search the second vehicle, finding 4 tusks and marijuana and arresting three occupants, one of which is Assistant Commissioner of the Zimbabwe Prison Services. Full report
With Last Call, Last Stand finished, I wanted to keep a story thread on ZS alive for the most practical reason: the more people on that forum who like my shit, the more people will eventually buy Codex when I finally get it cleaned up and submission ready.
I had about 24 hours home alone (in an already cleaned house)
We all need to call time out, let the authorities conduct an investigation that should have been conducted in the first place and then re-start the dialogue. After all, the decision will not be a he said-he said conflict. In the end it will be all about what the physical evidence truly says about what really happened on that night and in the context of the Florida ‘Stand Your Ground’ law, regardless if Zimmerman was the aggressor, did he, when he believed to be losing the fight that he obviously instigated, shoot Martin justifiably – according to the law.
Last weekend, the same Mr. Savage, addressing the National High School Journalism Convention, speaking in the context of anti-bullying legislation, implied that the Bible’s teaching on sexuality encourages the bullying of homosexuals. So he encouraged his hearers to “ignore the bull***t in the Bible” that modern thinkers have overcome, specifically the three S’: slavery, shellfish and sexuality. Appropriately, many Christians in attendance walked out of the lecture and were subsequently taunted by the speaker (who later apologized for his taunts, but not for his remarks about the Bible).
So today, before the chocolate straight out of the jar thing, I had every single last one of them :)
The space and refreshments were very kindly provided by Deloitte (thank you) and hosted of course by David Gurteen. As part of the now expected ritual we then moved quickly into three rounds of speed dating which were of course far too short and started the most interesting conversations which we would have to continue later.
Rochester House is near Christ Church and another £11m will be needed to transform it into the vision of director, Kim Pickin, who has worked tirelessly towards this end.I can't wait to see it all come to fruition.
the School Board last month, Child Nutrition Services has selected
I promise you nothing will do more for building your business than this book and it won't hurt your wallet either, it's available at Amazon for under $17.
that began wedged into the panties of that girl
“The Federal Government has introduced PRPP legislation that will be passed shortly,” the letter states. “Quebec announced a regime equivalent to PRPPs, called VRSPs, in their recent budget. It is time for Ontario now to step up to ensure that Ontario residents, particularly those who work for small and medium sized businesses, can reap the benefits of a low-cost, accessible pension plan.”
Today the general perception among the public is that the murdered Hermanus Potgieter was a scoundrel who had no regard for the law. The Boers who attacked the poor souls hiding in the cave at Makapansgat were all villains. Piet Potgieter, who was shot dead when he tried to peer into the cave entrance, was a reckless fool. Mokopane, was made out to be the real hero in the saga, -- just like ol’ modern-day Nelson Mandela! Despite the controversy over the exact name of this savage the town of Potgietersrus was renamed Mokopane. There is so much space in this country for development that it boggles my mind to think why they have not built a new town yet and called it whatever they wanted! No – it’s much easier to steal the Whiteman’s legacy and rename an exiting town!
Things were very tight with only one course to go. Everyone enjoying themselves and no arguments only lots of discussion.
But even in RII, Shakespeare is setting the stage for one of his greatest characters ever: Prince Hal, the future Henry V. For in Act V, scene iii of RII, (now-)King Henry asks:
TigerHawk's link to the Gwadar port story shows how well Pakistan has played the Americans - their all weather alliance with China is strategic and shows that they do not need the US as much as the US needs them.
Reflections of Mexico
Let’s get very close to home (for me) and now talk about Birmingham.
It all started here, on Easter. It was a good day. Family, food, fun traditions, and best of all, remembering the greatest thing ever: being reconciled to God.
He says, 'Some men are just nice'
I won't bother to go into specifics, because a simple Google search can do a better job, and a Google search will show, without doubt, that Ms Wood and I are not bedfellows – by a long, long, long way!
3. My baby bump is growing but not that big. Baby is healthy and growing according to the estimated age of gestation.
"Didn't anyone complain?" the farmer said.
Also, the sex. I remember when we used to have it. Like animals we were, with her into it as much as me. Sure, I was too rough on her when she was pregnant, but I apologized and she really wanted it. Now she avoids me when I’m in the mood. She’s never in the mood.
1. Boil ribs in water until tender, for about an hour or so. (I usually boil it with the liempo part and just separate it later)
Don't get me wrong. I adore the Internet. I've been able to make connections I wouldn't have otherwise, can research to my heart's content, shop, pay my bills, and much more. But I wonder if we're taking it too far. We're so "plugged in" and there are so many different things we can do that our attention span may very well be diminishing by leaps and bounds. I speak from experience. There are times when I'm clicking on things and skimming the article or video or whatever, then a few seconds later, I'm clicking on something else. I've noticed that instead of taking the time to really read something, I'll skim through it to get the meat of it because there's so much more out there that I want to read. It's sad, really.
1. Spray a skillet with non-stick cooking spray and heat on medium heat. Saute the onion and zucchini to soften, but not brown.
2 slipped
Let others do the heaving and shoving
And, rising from the bed like a performing flea, he made for the door.
The chronic problem of nuclear proliferation is once again dominating the news. A fierce debate has developed over how to respond to the threat posed by Iran’s nuclear activities, which most experts believe are aimed at producing a nuclear weapon or at least the capacity to assemble one. In this debate, one side is pushing for a near-term military attack to damage or destroy Iran’s nuclear program, and the other side is hoping that strict sanctions against the Islamic Republic will soften it up for a diplomatic solution. Both sides, however, share the underlying assumption that unless outside powers intervene in a dramatic fashion, it is inevitable that Iran will achieve its supposed nuclear goals very soon.
One of the people I read about was a woman named Gladys Aylward. She was a poor woman from London who wanted to go to China in the 1930's to be a missionary. but she had no skills, no education and she didn't speak the language, so no formal organization would allow her to go.
This may not be altogether altruistic as, of course, if the other venues’ posters were removed, it would be less competition for the Stand’s all-year-round profile in Edinburgh.
If you're from Wisconsin, you've certainly heard of Johnsonville brats. In fact, you probably cut your first molar on a Johnsonville brat. They're all I ever buy, so when I happened upon this recipe on Facebook (Bobby Deen recipe video) I thought, "Awesome--A new twist on the traditional brat!" and decided to try it. [This is NOT a compensated review--I'm just doing it for fun, because we liked it a lot! Oh, and for the record, brat rhymes with "cot," not "cat."]
Gricelda E. James, 44, Willingboro, N.J.
Parents:
However, I hope many of you will be upset at the latest proposition by Datuk Raja Nong Chik. If you are, please raise your concerns to your elected representative and petition DBKL against the move. You can also help by sending this link to your friends.
jeweled brooch (Macy's)
Ok, so I admit that yesterday’s blog post was bit over dramatic, and perhaps just a little bit self-indulgent. But hey, a girl has to have days like that every once in a while. What I like most about all this writing is that it helps me work through some of the challenges that I’m facing. Even though I want to be a happy, cheery, funny Jackie all the time, there are gonna be days when, darling readers, you may come across a less cheerful blog post. Thanks to everyone for their wonderful words of encouragement and love yesterday. I’m happy to tell y’all that I left the pity party and moved on.
We also have the acorn squash which is the one I like best. And cucumbers, and zucchinis.
This Sunday's topic will be, A Heel and Toe Alternative, featuring a short row toe and heel. This would be a great practice of the wrap and turn method. This is not a sock class, as we will only be focusing on the technique of a short row toe and heel.
Do you remember Jefferson Market the way it used to be when Jean Henry owned it? If you do, consider yourself lucky. Sadly, it changed ownership before my arrival to Ann Arbor. My friends talk fondly of this popular bakery shop in its heyday. It was a favorite neighborhood hangout: a good location to run into friends, catch up on weekend gossip, and eat amazing pastries while lounging in the adjacent garden.
50 to 55K plus 10% bonus
Tate also starred as his companion in the fourth series of the show.
“There’s nothing out there, business plan wise, that’s going to get you in front of a realtor,” he adds. “If you don’t go out and meet realtors, if you don’t go network, no business plan under the sun is going to be able to do that for you.”
Third round I was up against the Merc player running McBain with Cylenna Raefill’s unit (sp?) and two heavies. The army was beautifully painted by the Gator player who has talent to spare. Probably the prettiest army, close to the ever gorgeous Ret army that you see on all my tourney reports.
The effects of District 9 were grittier and more realistic, and they demonstrated the quality that could be accomplished without a Cameron-sized budget. It’s not like the aliens only appeared in shadows, and it’s not like the aliens and humans never interact. You also can’t tell me that the cost was because the horizon needed to be generated, because District 9 has a dirty, great, big spaceship in the horizon for most shots!
I never met Mr. Corwin, but a few years ago I was present during a live telephone interview session back in 2007 at a local bookstore. Chicago radio personality Steve Darnell was doing a special talk on the history of old time radio and was promoting Those Were the Days. He was able to get Mr. Corwin on the speaker phone (he was at his home in California) for a few minutes, and it was cool to hear him talk about his career.
JULY 1978
I found also there a stripe of soil, where 10 potatoe plants will fit! If you see how many plants can be grown in a small place if planned properly - as I've seen recently - imagination fed with images and pushed by higher expectation is producing better ideas :)
One of the thing's I'm learning while working at Starbucks is the idea of consistency. People like to know that, even if the rest of their life is chaotic, when they walk into Starbucks, they can order a grande triple vanilla soy latte and know exactly what it is that they're ordering and know that they'll enjoy it. People like that all the Starbucks venues basically look the same; they like that all the coffee's the same kind and that each drink follows a recipe. People like that the Starbucks employees are interchangeable.
(For a little story about how my family and trout go way back, plus some tips on how to save your life if you find yourself choking on a fish bone, click here.)
Kraft & Black cardstock
Yesterday we pottered up here stopping at the wildlife centre on Rutland water which was a lovely walk, and the hides were great, we even got to see some Osprey!
This entry was removed at the author's request. (That's always an option for participants here at QS--this is an all volunteer chomping)
And then, there’s international growth. Ghosn, who’s French-Brazilian and grew up in Japan, hopes to take Levo League global. “I think we’re going to have massive opportunity, and I’m really excited to do that,” she says.
I recently rewatched an episode of ESPN’s “Outside the Lines” from 2009 featuring an interview with former Chicago Bears quarterback and ’85 Super Bowl Champion Jim McMahon. In the interview, McMahon explained that effects of concussions sustained in his playing career were now affecting his everyday life, including walking into a room in his house and not remembering why. Playing through pain is a source of pride for football players, but McMahon now says that the players were not informed of the potential consequences of repeated head injuries. Other high-profile players have admirably come forward and admitted similar things, including Tony Dorsett and Terry Bradshaw. It’s scary to contemplate what it would be like to be lost in your own brain, caught in a violent maelstrom of confusion and uncertainty. Maybe the mind becomes a disjointed collage of past memories that don’t fit together as they should. Maybe it would be like waking up from a dream that you desperately want to remember but can’t. Maybe it’s much worse.
Watching the leaves dance their way to their deaths. Noticing how some will stay alight for just that much longer.
Thanks for playing and have a wonderful Christmas!
That I love you means not I will bend the rules for you
I have created many line art works for Crafts and Me, and there is something rewarding seeing all of your paintings and sketches in beautiful, black, and clean lines. I knew this past Monday I had to keep painting. Oceana is finished, and I'm still working on the months and another large WIP, but I believe I can do more. With two shows next year (more on that later), I need to be painting!
1/8 cup honey
So, on inviting the Gibeonites to ask what could be done to atone Saul’s sin and reverse the famine, the Gibeonites demanded for seven men of Saul’s sons to be delivered to them for hanging before the Lord in Gibeah. David spared Mephibosheth because of his covenant with Jonathan, but he handed over seven men of Saul’s son to the Gibeonites who hanged them.
It was this very question that Jesus asked the apostle Peter after Jesus’ resurrection (John 21:15-18). You also remember that these questions were not only asked after Jesus’ resurrection, but also after Peter’s three-fold denial of Christ (Mt. 26:69-75) on the night of Jesus’ arrest — and on the night where he vehemently denied he would ever deny Christ (see Mk. 14:29; Lk. 22:33; Jn. 13:37).
Jesus: Unfortunately not. Last year I met with Carlos Ezquerra, which made ​​me remember old times and I got in touch with 2000 AD and Rebellion again.
Ask yourself, “How can I get involved?”
There are a number of similarity in the cities--but, since this is a specialized blog, I'll confine myself to beer. Much as in Oregon, there is a thriving market for micros in Maine. The state, with a population of just 1.2 million, has 25 breweries. Portland, with just 63,000 people, has eight. When you go to a pub (which look a lot like English-influenced Oregon pubs), you'll find a number of local taps. When I went into the supermarket to buy beers for review, there were perhaps a dozen local offerings (making my decision difficult). And when you go to the airport, there's a local brewpub--Shipyard--offering fresh pints. The beers are mostly British-influenced ales, and are tastier, more robust, and hoppier than any region outside West Coast.
The Nephew slept over Saturday night so I got to spend my birthday with my 3 favourite guys....Hubby, the Boy, and the Nephew! We watched a movie, watched the nephew get over tired from going to 2 other birthday celebrations, and had a massive Nerf dart gun battle. You know you are in trouble when you see this:
of kelp
Here are some more Mets shiny. Told you there were a lot of refractors...
A tingling sensation ran through his spine.
But what initiated the crisis? A bank. The British Linen Company Bank, to be precise, to whom Pattison's owed £100,000.
First, let me start with a vision I always had of myself as the artist. It’s late at night, and I sit at an antique oak desk in front of a Royal manual typewriter. A cigarette dangles from my lips as smoke curls around my head. To my right, sits an amber-filled tumbler and to my left a filled ashtray. I sit typing madly away at the next great American novel oblivious to the late hour and the ash building on the end of my fag. This vision was in my head even before I acknowledged myself as a writer. When I finally made the leap nearly 14 years ago and actually said the words, “I am a writer,” the vision was still there although not a part of my actual reality as a writer.
Other problems were the build-up of endocrine disrupting chemicals and partially metabolised medication in our water. Because of the high rate of HIV and Aids, there would be an increasing use of anti-retro-virals. These passed through the body in a partly meta-bolised form, eventually into our rivers.
If you want to be of use to God, maintain the proper relationship with Jesus Christ by staying focused on Him, and He will make use of you every minute you live— yet you will be unaware, on the conscious level of your life, that you are being used of Him
So instead, I'll share a cat story. I've mentioned before that Peno is our "good cat". All that really means is she's the least bad.
May 1st is also what they consider Labor Day and everyone gets the holiday off. Another celebration held on that day is what they call The Day of Love. Here's an awesome article explaining the holiday about May 1st, The Day of Love which is kind of cool! Basically a famous poet died and everyone goes there every year and lays millions of flowers to honor them. There's also the tall tale that your lady will stay beautiful throughout the next year if you kiss her under a blooming tree on May first. Good luck and hope you kissed your gal yesterday!
1298 **D-IV/24(B)/1998. “On Being and One’s Own: The Art of Henry Darger.” Annual Convention, Midwest Political Science Association, Palmer House, Chicago, Illinois. Addendum to Item D-IV/24(A)/1998, above. See Item C-1992(7), above, Items D-I/1/2001 and D-I/2/2001, below. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 775-78.)
14 A common contribution is essential for the maintenance of the public forces and for the cost of administration. This should be equitably distributed among all the citizens in proportion to their means.
As we walked through the ‘hood admiring the damage the next day: at least a dozen large white spruce, a couple of which were blocking driveways or roads, a few birches, and an entire roof of shingles on one home. Poor sap, hope he had insurance. A little further down the hill, I spied a chimney blown over, a first for me. Those of you in windy areas, no laughing now! I’ve never experienced winds over 100 mph (I’m not counting those breakneck amusement park rides at Universal Studios) in my life, so the wonder and destruction of it all amazes me.
I learn from her and she from me.
Apparently, she does a good job the first three innings but after that she gets bored and starts chatting with all her friends. She misses plays and then realizes it so she runs around to the other scorekeepers and asks them what the score is. She says sometimes everyone has a different score written down.
- 20 almonds (9:30 am)
New from Crystal Vision is the FTX-L 3G – a fibre optic transmitter designed to transmit 3Gb/s, HD or SD signals over large distances in a robust, reliable and space-saving way and including two input loop-throughs ideal for system checking or distributing input video.
After playing tunes from each of The Flatlanders four cd’s Jimmie Dale Gilmore’s classic song Dallas was turned into a honky tonk rave-up and it ended their one hour set on a triumphant high note. They encored with Van Zandt’s White Freight – Liner and the nearly full Paolo Soleri crowd roared in appreciation.
Great Watcher, we surrender ourselves before You and we ask You to watch, save, preserve, protect and cover us under Your Wings throughout this month and may who ever makes evil attempts against our lives, pay with their own lives in Jesus Name, we pray. Amen*7times, 7times and 7times.
C) David already had a serious girlfriend and Rachel hadn't heard anything about them breaking up. Although, now that she thought of it, he didn't talk about her much. He didn't sound like a guy madly in love. Okay, Rachel. Don't dwell on that. He does love her. He's probably just the type who likes to keep his love life secret. But then again, in the beginning of their relationship, Cassandra's name popped up repeatedly in David's interviews. It was very annoying.
It’s love you know we could have spent.
Social media, information governance, search technologies and project management all have sessions set aside for them, and there is a session called eDiscovery from a judicial viewpoint. It is good also to see one called Knowing your eDiscovery tools – conferences shy away from this, probably because it is difficult to choose representative examples without upsetting some of the sponsors, but delegates get an overview of the range of applications which is available.
Your new auto mantra: Must maintain homeostasis. Must maintain homeostasis. Must maintain homeostasis…
Finding John Christmas ... Hallmark Channel ... 10 PM
In their March 2012 newsletter, Danny and Nancy Smelser, who serve as MD and RN at the clinic, retold the story of a 32 year old man who had been hit by a motorcycle last December. Because he was unable to pay for the leg surgery he badly needed, he had been discharged from the government hospital. Desperate, in severe pain, and badly infected, the man arrived at Tanzania Christian Clinic. They removed the dirty cast and bandages and assessed the situation. Steady rounds of antibiotics and continuing dressing changes have eradicated the infection and through the help of the TCC and its supporters, the man is awaiting surgery scheduled at a teaching hospital 2 hours away.
It breaks my heart every time I have to get rid of an old pair of jeans because they’re broken – so much so I have a pair in my room that died months ago but I can’t bring myself to part with.
First, “Macro-evolution purports that nothing made everything. Sometimes this claim goes by the term spontaneous generation. Essentially, no-thing causes every-thing to spring into existence, although this is not considered a miracle because there is no God.” He quotes Francis Collins in his book, again, saying, “I can’t imagine how nature, in this case the universe, could have created itself. And the very fact that the universe had a beginning implies that someone was able to begin it. And it seems to me that had to be outside of nature.”
Working clean makes you a better cook. It increases your focus. Your plating is cleaner. Your mise is always in order. And it's so easy. Have you tried it? A commitment to take that extra second to wipe down after you do something? Keeping your squeeze bottles dry? Changing out the baine water your spoons sit in? Washing down whenever things get too dirty to wipe up with a towel?
My wonderful family.
6. pleading
Arrived at her residence, rang bell, was thus presented with a member of her staff. Upon asking to be admitted, was refused. Then, with the aid of a small bag of guineas, was finally admitted to her breakfast room. ‘Twas a most elegant room, in colours so intoxicating, and scent so divine, that it overwhelmed me with an immediate sense of bliss. Saw her morning repast laid out amid silver and fine porcelain. Kissed the poem, placed it upon her plate together with the patchbox. Thus, preventing a servant from announcing my arrival, forced myself to leave and made my way straight to Seven Dials to purchase plans of Newgate Prison.
Again here you have an out-of-”here” memory. The collective memory of the Indians here is that they descended directly from the first humans created by Puluga and that they spread out. This is similar to the memory of the mainland Indians also, who have only memory of being ‘descended’ here and going elsewhere and not of “arriving” here.
4) Add in the eggs, 1 at a time, whisk well. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan and bake at 170 deg.C for 1 hour.
Joanne Nail didn't make many movies, but at least two of them have found long-loyal fans over the decades. And when technical snafus forced a previously-recorded commentary with her to be scrapped, and I was asked to sit with her and re-do it, it was a privilege for me to sit with the eternal Switchblade Sister. THE VISITOR is quite a goofy movie, with its parade of slumming legends (John Huston, Shelley Winters) and bizarre patchwork of elements from every major '70's trend (demonic possession, space travel, conspiracy theory), but you get caught up in it all the same. Part of the reason is the legitimately thought-out and committed performance by Nail, which she details in our chat, demonstrating that sometimes the best acting is devoted to the most ludicrous stories.
I have also been busy with my new website!
Now that I am old(ish), I could probably cut off all my hair and people would either not notice or think I had cancer. But, even though cutting off all my hair (again) would be an awesome gesture in honor of the late Vidal Sassoon, freer of women, I will keep this as a blog-thought e-gesture.
but I do use them as a guideline... anyone else love that phrase from Pirates of the Caribbean?!
1. Robin van Persie (Arsenal)
~Stephanie
No, I am writing this because I have a voice.
XHRGF Blog (xhrgfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Other victims project the blame back unto themselves. They accept the psychopath’s projection of blame and begin questioning themselves: what did I do wrong, to drive him away? What was lacking in me that he was so negative or unhappy in the relationship? Was I not smart enough, virtuous enough, hard-working enough, beautiful enough, sexy enough, attentive enough, submissive enough etc.
becomes the edge of a flat
If you are keen, do contact me at precious.darling@yahoo.com.sg for more information. Thank you.
-Got all the Star Coins in all the levels
Thank you all for sticking with me. I'll be posting again later today, and hopefully throughout the week.
Lovers of the blue color are considered to be loyal, well balanced and somewhat conservative personalities, who hold to tradition and dislike unpredictable situations or attracting the attention. They need piece and safety that only routine and careful planning can provide. Good friends, intelligent, sincere, spiritual and trustworthy persons; they don't wear their emotions "on the sleeves" but express them only in the circle of the closest persons which stay for a long time in their life!
Hi! How are you doing?
You've been lucky, as you know from the lack of parcels you've received containing excreta. But don't delay. I poop every day.
I've been in a very cranky mood for many days now. Actually, I wake up fine, feel fine, live my life, and then somewhere along the way someone comes along and pisses me off. I have been horrible about letting things get to me lately, though I've never been good with letting things roll off my back. I react, I become upset, I feel too much. It's an awful affliction, and if you don't share it, you probably don't get how badly it sucks most of the time. The highs are incredible, but the lows ruin your day every time.
This looks so different from my own horoscope weaving! I love it.
Day 3 and 4 of our new beekeeping journey and we were confused. We hoped everything was right and according to the 3 books and the DVD we had purchased all should have been in order, yet something didn’t seem right to us. I mentioned earlier it seemed as if one hive was much stronger than the other…and as each day passed, it seemed stronger. They were consuming their sugar water at a rapid pace compared to the other hive who by Day 3 were barely touching theirs. Then the ants seemed to multiply on the weaker hive and I researched again….finding that sprinkling ground cinnamon around the hive would deter the ants…so this I did.
that I am feeling really sad inside and can't seem to get over it.
You probably don’t have the next Yelp on your hands, but you might have a killer idea, with no clue where to get started. But Apple wants to help you out. A new patent reveals that it could be cooking up an authoring tool that would let you build iOS apps, even if you don’t know code.
Anyway, one hour, one Crayola marker, one pair of scissors several straight pins, and one sewing machine later, I have this fitted pencil skirt. It's a little too short for the office, but I'm hoping the tights will hide my legs enough that no one will complain.
PHEW. 10 points for you if you're still reading this.
I LOVE hearing from you!
Send a detailed description of your wedding location and design ideas. If you have any photos or a website/blog add that as well. The more you can provide the better. Also, send a photo or two of you and your fiance! If you are still narrowing down your location choices - send in your finalists with more details on your plans. Don't forget your names, date of wedding, and your contact information.
The other week I went for my Tuesday cardio session with my gym partner. Although this week was different from the previous sessions, we grabbed our headphones and bottles. But this time he also grabbed his S10 gas mask.
I just want to encourage you ladies out there that are still waiting on a husband. He is so faithful. I gave my future husband to the Lord years ago after getting my heart broken. I asked Him to keep all men from pursuing me until He was ready to bring the right man into my life. For five years not a single guy pursued me! There were so many nights I thought maybe He had over done His end of my request. But one day God brought a man into my life who was bound and determined to win my heart. And he did.
“If we are genuinely committed to the idea of excellence for all we need a new way of measuring the performance of these schools and making sure that every pupil reaches their full potential.”
I leaned over to my husband and whispered how thankful I am for his full acceptance of me and support of the unconventional path I am treading. I told him that one day I would get an honorary degree for all of the amazing things I am going to accomplish while no one is watching.
"Don't look so surprised. You know that there are magical creatures that walk amongst us."
Oh how we Pra​ise God!!!!
I loved Ed. As a mentor. As a teacher. As a guide.
Canvases were half price at the craft store. And I bought this T-square with a coupon.
To prepare for moving, it was about time to do a bit more of social networking, so, a new Facebook page was created and I also started a new blog, showcasing some of our work and behind the screens information. It is not something amazing, we are not looking to become huge, but just to show some pride in our work that we love to do.
Supplementary to coffee,
I was lucky enough to receive an audiobook of The House I Loved by Tatiana de Rosnay, so I've been listening to this one in my car. So far I am enjoying this audio more than A Secrept Kept.
Among the Japanese girls, Double eyelid is the kinda most important element for make-up for showing our eyes bigger.
I sentenced myself to death last dawn
Secret tears reclaiming what a broken heart stole.
This apparently makes me look French.
Wilt though my advocate be dumb?
The best show on Australian TV would have to be Four Corners. Often over looked because, well, it’s been on the air since the sixties, it’s an intelligent current affairs program on the ABC, and it’s Four Corners for crying out loud, it continues to deliver thought provoking journalism. While scripted Australian drama may not have offered anything worth writing home about this year, from week to week Four Corners delivered stories that were shocking, heartbreaking and easily some of the most captivating television of the year.
I graduated from Spring Ford high school in Pennsylvania. By my junior year I had enough credits to attend our county’s vocational/technical school my senior year. I went for early childhood ed, and finished that year with a certificate in that as well as my diploma from Spring Ford. That’s it! All other schooling has come from hands-on, in the classroom experience.
I'm not a whiner or complainer, but please indulge me this once. I have twenty-five minutes to walk 1.5 miles to punch into the computer at work. Then 25 minutes to walk the 1.5 miles from work to the bus stop or I have to wait another 30 minutes for the next bus. I almost didn't make it to the bus home tonight. I'm short, 5 feet tall, so I have to step twice as much as taller people twice as fast.
Number 1 – Steve Gullick
FREE ADMISSION! Donations gratefully accepted. Parking costs $5. 10:30-11:30 a.m. 2850 San Lorenzo Way, Carmichael. 916-489-4918
I LOVE YOGA!! The longer I practice the more I watch the miracle of awareness and mindfulness grow inside. I watch as judgement, analyzation, and criticism disappear from my mind. Each time I get on my mat and work even when I don’t want to I am learning to discipline the mind. I am learning SURRENDER. I am learning that God, The Universe, or The Infinite doesn’t personalize anything. Everything just is. Today was the perfect pop quiz to see if all the Yoga I’m doing is working. I am so pleased to say I passed with flying colors. I am happy because I remember a time not so long ago when a day like this would have been so difficult. It would have drained me of energy because of the resistance to the now. I am sure there would have been tears of frustration, and the day would have finished with a headache because of my inner tension and struggle with the reality of what is the present moment. Tonight, instead, I am very happy. I passed my quiz! Yoga is 1/8 physical the rest is how you react/act to Life off your mat.
Please don’t tell him I’m onto him though. I just can’t imagine anything worse than him knowing who I am, or knowing that I make the best pancakes in the world or that I can finish the New York Times crossword puzzle in one sitting… in ink Alexander. In ink.
“Since its inception, the publishing industry has operated like an aristocracy. An elite few held the power to essentially determine if an author’s work would be allowed in the public square. It was publication without self-determination for authors. For no matter how passionate or motivated an author was about his or her work, the fate of the book rested entirely with a few publishing houses. Those days, however, are over. Everything has changed.”
Allister: I really don't know, love gained and love lost I suppose.
December 31
“Kid, is that all you do all day?”
But then, in chapter 3, problems arise as humans begin to distrust the divine order or ecology. The harmonious relationships quickly become conflicted as humans estrange themselves from the divine, from one another and from creation. Misunderstanding abounds and everyone and everything suffers as a result.
Thanks for your help!
Americas Airline: TAM Fidelidade
SO FUN! I actually trimmed the 'lace trim' that was part of the image off while I was paper piecing so I could add the REAL lace to the bra! I love that part! Way too fun! The tape is from Love My Tapes!
Spellbinder decorative oval die
14. Emanuelle's theme (01:22)
3. Humor is great, but make sure jokes aren’t at someone else’s expense.
Francesco decides he’s had enough and he and Gnaghi pack all their belonging into his car and they head of down the road out of Buffalora and Francesco discovers that his reality was not what he thought at all.
In the bottom of the second, the Terps had a great opportunity to make something happen with a runner on second and third, but Aaron Etchison was not able to deliver to bring the runners home.
We are prediminantly a vegetarian family and were really quite taken back by the rather pitiful 1oz portion of cheese that rations permitted per person per week. Sugar on the other hand, was to us rather 'over rationed'. 12 oz per person per week. That's quite a lot, although everywhere you read they complain that it wasn't much!!
THE WIZARD OF OZ — WILD AT HEART. This is really too obvious to need elucidating, and besides, the OZ references doubtless originate in Barry Gifford’s source novel. In fact, the Gifford-related movies tend to have more intertextual stuff than the others, however –
By his own admission he has held more jobs within this iconic Australia brewing company than he can fit on a wallet full of business cards including various brewing appointments and product development roles which has led him to his current desk in charge of ... new projects? Property management? Chief overseer of pretty much anything to with the smooth running of the place?
The pleasurable thoughts didn’t last long, morphing inexplicably into the memory of a film Lawrence had shown her once, his attempt to get into film school, a laboured and frankly tedious series of re-enactments of the climactic scene from The Brown Bunny with Lawrence himself in the hallowed Vincent Gallo position and a variety of desperate or otherwise pliable young ladies from the local sixth form college eager to augment their tuition fees by taking on the Chloë Sevigny role, taken from a variety of angles and shot in quite bewildering High Definition detail. Unfortunately Lawrence had neither the build nor camera and lighting skills to pull it off successfully and the three-hour-plus compilation of clips and outtakes had singularly failed to land him a place at his college of choice. Undeterred, he had continued to send out copies to any institution he thought might be interested, not to mention any hapless female visitor who happened to wander into his flat of an evening, until finally common sense took the upper hand and Lawrence found himself the wide-eyed subject of a Customs and Excise raid. They seized computers and dubbing equipment, and, thankfully, his master copies, which meant that Ophelia might at long last banish the thought of those hairy thighs and horrendous boxer shorts from her mind, but sadly not today, it would seem.
Besides these terms, there were many focused on how to write sex scenes. Hmmm. I’m not sure I want to give tips on having sex with your sister, but I might be able to come up with some tips on how to write a sex scene. I’ll do some research on erotica and get back to you.
It seems that once each winter we catch a day such as this and it is pure JOY to share tea together in the sunshine.
I think fasting is a beautiful discipline. It is one of my favorite disciplines in fact. It fits my personality and is a fantastic call to prayer for me; but there is a problem.
I liken my own personal spiritual path to a long vacation trip . . . where there are many stops and lovely gift shops. I go into different areas of my spiritual interests and look around. I may or may not find something I want to keep for myself, but its an adventure all the same, seeing the many gifts they have to offer.
Here is my knitting so far.
If you know who walks beside you, you will never fear.
One of the most difficult and irrational of all conservatives is the authoritarian type. This is very common in the US. The major trait of these folks is closed mindedness. They have a need for “closure.” They have fixed ideas about things, and they deliberately seek out information that proves those ideas correct and reject all contrary evidence.
Beautiful music, most of which is free. I highly recommend checking her out.
It is a wonderful, meaningful and loving gesture and can sometimes say more than words!
Who or what is it that we aspire to, who are we destined to become, what is our true life’s reflection? We may have known it our entire lives, or we may only just be discovering the true riches of who we were meant to be.
Last night, according to Bob – over beers in the Gilded Balloon’s exclusive Loft Bar and in front of witnesses – Tommy Sheppard, owner of the Stand comedy club, offered to pay for the defence of Kunt in any prosecution and/or pay the £3,000 fine.
stanza 4
Bonnie on the other hand......... chased things into the water, dug holes all around our spot on the sand, barked at anyone who smiled at her when passing (well they were all completely naked and she was shocked) and got so hot and bothered than no amount of water would quench her thirst.
6. Jabberjaw: (First aired 1976, ran until 1978) As part of the overall shark mania of the 1970s and shortly after the then-recent film Jaws, Hanna-Barbara Inc. released Jabberjaw--a Saturday morning animated series about a 15-foot talking great white shark. Jabberjaw was the drummer for a rock group made up of four teenagers who all lived in an underwater civilization in the year 2076. As Jabberjaw and his rock band buddies traveled to different underwater cities, they would encounter and attempt to conquer diabolic villains with plans to take over the undersea world. The format and writing for Jabberjaw was similar to that for Scooby-Doo and Josie and Pussycats, but for a time when people were scared out their minds of sharks, you've got to admit it was pretty cool to create one that was heroic and loveable.
Then I went back into the house and took another look at Student X's composition. It was still horrible.
The robbers shot him six times during the attack."
You will flatten mountains!
Who better than to “create with me” than my dear Sister GS Creations and between all the CT throwing in ideas, and my sisters fantastic templates, this is the result.
A: Resolutely shutting your eyes to scientific fact.
There are a very bases I have not explained, because I can’t yet. Need to think more. But this is an interesting topic for further thought and contemplation.
Second, the conscious destruction of fatherhood. While not all of these rioters come from broken homes — yes, the term is most applicable — many of them have no strong, male figure to look to, and even when a father is present he is often emasculated. We have lionized the single mother and made the role of the dad who provides boundaries and consequences to actions a figure of fun, a dinosaur.
I don’t really like the rings comparison for players to determine how great they were, but it’s a hot topic so I need to have some input. Jordan won 6 NBA Championships along with 6 Finals MVP trophies. He was the best player on the best team every time they played in the Finals. Kobe has won 5 NBA Championships so far, with 2 Finals MVP trophies. He was not the best player on his team when they won the first 3 championships. There was one of the most dominating centers in the history of the NBA named Shaquille O’Neal on his team and the recipient of 3 Finals MVP awards. If it wasn’t for Shaq would Kobe have those 3 rings? If it wasn’t for Kobe would Shaq have gotten those 3 with the Lakers? Who knows and it’s hard to tell. It’s hard to say that someone is as great as the greatest player in most people’s opinions when the one who wants to be compared had a player who out shined him. Didn’t Shaq leave LA because Kobe wanted to shine? If were talking about rings then isn’t Robert Horry better than both of them? Didn’t think so.
for Martha's lace I decoupaged it all on layering it on top of each other.. but the ends were left alone.. so just the tops of the lace were adhered. I also put some scraps of lace in different
Why am I such a sap for bad girls?
2032.E-XI/27/1973. On the risks of political paranoia. University of Chicago Maroon, November 27, 1973, pp. 4-5; Chicago Sun-Times, November 28, 1973, p. 61; Washington Post, December 5, 1973, p. A31.
So she rushes to the bathroom and splashes water into her pussy…labda ilikuwa imewaka moto kama ile ya michelle wa muturi. I actually made a comment to that effect after she was back from the bathroom as she was wiping the water from her pussy with her hanky and she goes like; “Hata wewe unajua story hizo???”
Mikkeller's It's Alive! Strong Belgian pale ale with brettanomyces; Mikkeller's tribute to Belgian Trappist beer legend/Kansas City collaborator Orval - 8% ABV
How did you spend the holiday?
“Look, CoCo, I’m sorry if I didn’t tell you. . .I mean. . .Comi was worried about. . .maybe you saying something to Dallas-”
Such developments are providing some of the first tangible benefits of the genetic revolution. Yet some social critics fear they may also be giving long-discredited racial prejudices a new potency. The notion that race is more than skin-deep, they fear, could undermine principles of equal treatment and opportunity that have relied on the presumption that we are all created equal.
In 2011, Circuit Bench Sittings became more frequent, resulting in the increase in disposal of cases.
I would like to see a j-school class devoted entirely to digital journalism that included lessons in basic HTML, Web design, blogging with video and audio, putting your resume online and attracting people to your Web site, Twitter feed, Facebook, etc. Something I wish had been more ingrained in me is the important habit of keeping up with the latest media industry news. Being up to speed on the gadgets, apps, tech startups and media journalists of the moment is critical if you want to stand out and be ahead of the curve of new media.
Reuban Randel: Mohamed Massoquoi (Pre-concussions)
His insensitive remarks were bombarded by many angry Singaporeans, one of whom is Mark Lee who served two and a half years of National Service and ten years of reservist in a combat unit to protect the likes of Angelo Marc Jandugan and other foreigners.
The dough will look really, really dry but trust me, it works! Ask me how I know. OK, I'll tell you! I actually made two batches of this dough. The first one I made just as I posted here. I seriously thought I had messed up because it looked so dry in the mixer bowl. I did put it together into a ball quite easily and it was really easy to work with later on. For the second batch I decided to add more water while kneading and it was easier to knead but not so easy to work with later on while rolling and forming the ravioli. As little water as possible is the way to go.
Nemango
Him: Moondogs game tomorrow? (The Moondogs are our local baseball team.)
American Vampire #25
There were no role models who looked like me in America's political culture, the world of fame, fortune, film and fashion. Even the countless billboard signs that propagandized Americans from one end of the country to the other were completely devoid of anything resembling me or my culture. In fact, the only person who looked like me who was well known when I was growing up, was the Lone Ranger's Indian sidekick, Tonto, a name which means "Dummy" in Spanish. You can be sure we wondered if that name choice was deliberate.
My image is Saturated Canary. I just love Krista's images. They are such beauty's. I colored her with Copics and I added Stickles only on the dove's heart and on her buttons.
Alcott
Brad: Doodlebug
That small-talk - that void between door and wallet.
“I pleaded for them to return my money, but my efforts were in vain.
Today is the third day in our new home. Some progress will be made, but not much. Mostly unpacking my luggage and a Lowe's run. We may not have much in our new house, but it felt so good waking up in our home with a real kitchen (hotel living can get old). Some of our household goods are scheduled to arrive on Tuesday and I am very happy about that. As of today, the only furnishings we have are our new washer and dryer and our new king-size memory foam mattress. The next purchase is the headboard and frame. I am thinking of making this for breakfast this morning in our one pan that we bought to get us through until Tuesday. And thank goodness I found our French press in my luggage. It makes the mornings even better.
“There it is!”
Hi to all my blog friends and followers..It seems so so long since I offered a freebie giveaway..lately I have been having great fun making prim furries bears and bunnies and with starting my new job I seem to have so much more energy for my prims which I do in my spare time and so would love to offer this great little prim *SPRINGTIME EASTER BUNNY* signed and dated as a giveaway..He is around 7" sitting and made from a grubby plush fabric.. I used a great pattern from my dear FB friend Sandy Holt to create him.. He is holding a prim beeswax chocolate scented egg and has a SRINGTIME tag around his neck.. This would greatly enhance any prim Easter decor.. DRAWN ON SUNDAY 25TH MARCH (the start of british summertime) open to everyone who cares to enter and to have a possible 4 entries complete the steps below:
616. Salad @ Tiki Bar (Spring Mt., PA) 4:48 p.m.
The last of the 3 vineyards we went to. The Village of Elgin Winery. The have wines called "Cheeky Monkey" and "Playful Monkey" LOL I am going to have to admit right now, I had tasted A LOT of wine by time we got to this vineyard. I would not be the right one to give an honest critique of the products that they sell LOL
The thing in Mog that is shared by the other two books is that there is, yet again, another home invasion. Funny. In The Borrower's, Arriety and her family were the invaders. In Little Miss Suzy, it was those scary gang squirrels. And in Mog, it was a nighttime burglar who broke in to steal the family's valuable silverware. Interesting similarities, now that I've noticed that.
This may work out ok. Kinda takes all the sting out of the spit or swallow argument!!!
Since 2007, the militants have destroyed or captured dozens of Nato transport vehicles, especially in the Khyber tribal region.
(I gave up trying to polish the fingerprints off for the photograph as it was flexing too much and I didn't want it to break.)
To those of you/us using Blogger as your blogging platform,
“Well I’m sure I want you to have an abortion,” huffed Jack.
What Are Your Earphone Options?
Past and present collide in richly mysterious Egypt, where recently divorced Anna is retracing an Egyptian journey her great grandmother Louisa made from Luxor to the Valley of the Kings. As she follows Louisa's footsteps, Anna discovers both the chilling secret of the bottle and the terrifying specters that pursued her great grandmother. A thrilling
I fell in love with Ann Patchett's writing when I read her amazing, PEN/Faulkner Award-winning novel Bel Canto. She is the author of many other novels including Run, The Patron Saint of Liars, and most recently State of Wonder.
But ~ if the lines in question pertain to food or drink, I can put aside my revulsion for the genre long enough to understand that others may enjoy it. The barbecue poems of Jake Adam York, for instance. If my eyes glazed reading them, it was at least a tangy barbecue glaze. Give me barbecue over barbecue poems any day, but the world is big enough for both.
The recipe is actually for sauteed peaches, but we had over two pounds (thanks, Costco) of strawberries that were basically begging to be used, so I threw them in with the peaches. This recipe can really be tweaked for individual servings, larger servings - whatever you want, but it is delicious and ready in less than five minutes!
Next up was John Heylin who remarked "The chiles are noticeable, but not that hot. It's smokey." Colin James, who graciously hosted the bottle share at his apartment agreed "You can certainly taste the chile powder". Both Chuck Lenatti and I noticed a metallic taste. There are know-it-alls who claim "metallic" is an off flavor, but it actually provides a mysterious complexity to the brew. Beyond that, the silence was a little telling. Nobody came out and said "I don't like this" or even "this sucks" something people often think, yet rarely say, but nobody said "this is good" or "I like it" either. Never the less, I'll take this polite awkward silence as a ringing endorsement from the Bay Area Beer Bloggers of my latest home brew.
I wish would never end
This is all the more reason to replicate the results with subjects from another population, preferably one with as little ethnic substructure as possible.
09.Time we'll Remember
Receiving cash on the sale of such securities NAMA could thereby repay some of the monies currently owed to our banks. These monies, very likely, have been pledged by our banks as security for loans from the European Central Bank (ECB) and would have to be repaid.
34 B-14 (Projected). September 11: The ABC’s of a Citizen’s Responses. (Sources: Items D-IX/12(A)/2001, D-IX/13/2001, D-IX/17/2001, D-IX/12(B)/2001, D-X/10/2001, D-XI/11/2001, D-XII/7(B)/2001, D-I/20(B)/2002, D-II/8/2002, D-III/12/2002, D-IV/25/2002, D-IV/26/2002, D-VI/1/2002, D-X/10/2002, D-II/12(B)/2003, D-IX/8/2003, D-XI/6/1977, D-IV/7/1981, D-VIII/28/1986, D-X/4/1990, D-IV/26/1991, D-XII/7/1991, D-IV/15,1995, and D-V/1/2001, below, as well as fifty-two Letters to Editors. See, for samples of these letters, Items E-V/8/1997, E-VI/0/2002, and E-Vii/4/2003, below.) This study is to be published in the Oklahoma City University Law Review (in 2004), without its previously published appendices, and thereafter, it is to be hoped, in book form. See Steve Neal’s column, Chicago Sun-Times September 10, 2003, p. 49. (The 2004 law review version is to have three appendices: Item D-IX/18/2003, BELOW, ITEM A-4, above (main text), and Item D-V/1/2002, below.)
I loved the way it looked when it came out of the oven ... the pattern from the rhubarb, the beautiful pink color, and the look of the crust dotted with sanding sugar that I had sprinkled on before baking ... and it smelled great too!
To go by the Left’s postmodern strictures, truth is not immutable but subject to a process of discovery. As a practical matter, then, how is a synthesis of the South-African situation to emerge if the antithesis is disallowed?
The navy blue looks quite grey when swatched on my arm. I assure you it's not that bad once you use it on your eyes. I would also recommend using an eyeshadow primer. It may bring out some of the eyeshadows a bit better. I don't really use primer, nor do I own any so I just piled it on HAHA (such a drag queen).
Last night I had the sweetest dream
Quentin, a young nobleman, challenges these laws out of love for his wife. His best friend, Asahel, defies authority at his side, unaware that the search for this lost magic will bring them both to the edge of reason, threatening their very souls. The Universal Mirror shows how far two men are willing to go for the sake of knowledge and what they will destroy to obtain it.
5. Past Your Thoughts feat Johaz- Prod by Apple Beats
superstitious, they never ate anyone that was less than whole. So after
5. If you are bringing a vehicle please assign a designated driver.
Shin Megami Tensei – Digital Devil Saga 2 (PS2)
I found that this is a big reason that my first marriage did not work. We forgot to really communicate. I do not even remember when he kissed me with the feelings of love behind the kiss. We only talked with each other to just get the day taken care of. Planning where the kids were to be, what responsibilities we had to take care of in church, house responsibilities, etc. I found that all I did was do my best to keep the world looking normal for the kids. I was so focused on working on this, that I avoided him when he was talking bad about me to anyone who would listen. I felt hurt, but I would not say anything in my defense because I believed that my problems were to stay in the home and not to be aired out on a weekly basis. When I did talk to anyone, I was trying to figure out how to fix things in my life and wanted a second opinion to give me options that I was not seeing.
As Bryce sat at our dining room table working on a puzzle, Trevin excitedly came over to "help" him. As he was giving Bryce pieces to the puzzle, the following conversation ensued...
When The Hubs picked Lil’ Man up, there was an instant five-foot blast zone and a winding trail from the dining table into the kitchen appeared. Our chocolate lab was totally overwhelmed by her duty as our dog-vuum. She quickly retreated to her kennel with a sigh of defeat and buried her head in her blankets as if not seeing it would make the couscous nightmare disappear.
Author’s Note
「一年に二回植えるやつ？」
Sustrans, 119 Holloway Head, Birmingham, B1 1QP.
In partnering with 360training.com, we are able to ensure that the courses offered are industry approved, deemed acceptable by the respective states they’re offered in.
I think it may be a bit odd to make your kid's undies, especially when you can buy them so cheaply, but that is exactly what I have done this week. And it's not the first time either! A while ago on my Home Grown blog, I even did a tutorial (re-posted here on Joyfoolery) on how to draw up your own pattern and make a pair of underwear! Keen right?
"It's my birthday, and I've been told I get a free desert. If it's at all possible," he told the woman at the register, "I'd like to give it to the couple sitting there."
Sit quietly for a moment and think about what you carry around inside of you. What weighs you down? What detracts from your happiness? Write it down, take a look at what you wrote. How do you go about releasing the baggage that you are carrying around with you? That really is the hard part isn’t it? Letting go.
Red chilli powder – ½ teaspoon
Well, then came bible study. That didn't go well. My first time with this group and I felt (and still do) feel like a fish out of water. I just don't fit in I don't think. I'm assured by all including Dutch that it'll be fine. It just takes time. Ok, for someone with trust and anxiety issues, yeh, it takes time. Try an eternity! Anyway, I got really upset. He was awake when I went to bed and knew something was up. So he asked and I told him. He said he thinks it'll be fine. Kept asking me if I wanted him to be like other HoHs out there. I said no, I want us to be us. (what can I say, I'm a tool, a brat)
To show the world it’s complete nothingness
The Church has an important role in helping young - and not so young - people from being tempted into taking their own lives. The God we believe in is pure love. He seeks the best for all this creatures, regardless of whatever weaknesses or problems they may have - regardless of whatever sins we have committed. It is our belief that God wants all people to know Him, love Him and serve Him in this world and be happy with Him forever in the next (cf The Penny Catechism).
Real Life is far too stressful!
God’s power to offer both healing and wholeness is witnessed through the stories of two lepers – Naaman in the Old Testament and the unnamed man in Mark’s gospel. Both are compelling stories that provide further lessons.
Maya Road Charcoal Mist
my apologies for the lack of updates since early January.
At the moment Cosatu is still allied to the ANC in the tripartite alliance, but if Malema should ever become president Cosatu will have the choice -- become a lapdog, or follow the Zimbabwe trade unions into the political wilderness, and form an equivalent of the MDC.
ALL-STAR DETECTIVE in 1941
- 3/4 tbsp yeast
Hidden, sight unseen
Just as ethnic groups in this country are considered minority populations with insignificant political and decision making power when compared to the Caucasian or “white” ethnic group, these individual governments are, when compared to the collective power of all of these governments joined together, insignificant.
The last card of the haul is this Chipper Jones 2002 Fleer Focus Jersey Edition Materialistic insert. The center of the card is some sort of cloth. I can't say I've ever seen this card before and the seller was only asking a buck or two. I wasn't able to use any Photons for this transaction, but it still was a good deal.
Today I want to do a little bit of braggin'! I won a little something recently from a rad, rad, rad lady! Even though I haven't met her in person, I'd consider her a friend, let me introduce you to Bex! Bex actually won a giveaway here on my blog a little while back, so you may remember her from then, but if not, go check out all the cool stuff she makes. She has an Etsy shop too, looky-looky!
TNGHT (Hudson Mohawke x Lunice) – Bugg’n (official stream)
If you have a birthday or know someone who has a birthday coming up or if you just want cake..
Welcome to another fun filled challenge with Speedy Fox and Friends. This week we are challenging you to make a card using stitching. Now I know you are thinking to yourself right now I don't have a sewing machine, well the good news is you don't need one. You can use a sewing machine or you can do faux stitching.
6-7 Fresh Strawberries (cut into small bite-size pieces)
“I went through May 13, so I know. I know it very deeply so I think I can help people so they don’t act in ways that will precipitate another May 13.
There is a representative in their Alabama county who is working to raise the age of consent to eighteen. Here is her website. Click Here! If you live in Alabama, especially the county that Jason Kidd lives in, you should give Becky Nordgren a phone call to support her bill.
15. He already knew Taemin ‘SHINee’ before becoming a trainee in SMTown.
You need to hold your employees accountable for their agreements, and they need to see that you are going to remain engaged and supportive of their progress or challenges.
If you don't, you might miss things like this:
I wrote this piece of drivel a couple of years ago, and post it today because I’m going to meet the same man, who will sell me several of his free-range, organic chickens.
This is much better. You need to polish it though, and the best way I know to do that is to say the words aloud. If they sound clunky, if it doesn't flow, change it. At this point you're going to be taking out or moving words, or changing syllables.
…Marshall walks over to Amodei and slaps him. Amodei slaps on the sleeper hold. The ref checks on Marshall! He checks the arm! Once…twice…three times it falls. He calls for the bell.
The proper name for a group of goats is a trip.
She's also trying to convince people that her name isn't Candy Brauer. I still have the e-mail where she specifically asked me not to use her real name. So that's all heading into head scratching, puzzling behavior.
I spent about an hour recently on one of my favorites, and managed to clear my list of a birthday gift for my 10-year old niece; an anniversary gift for my sister and brother-in-law; flowers for my "adopted mom" who recently underwent knee-replacement surgery; and a congratulations basket for a dear friend who recently had twins!
This Romney/Gingrich Theory just took on more juice as the word from Fox News is that Gingrich will stay in the race to the bitter end, even if he continues to loose – the only one that Newt Gingrich is helping in doing this is Romney – Gingrich’s voters would most likely split, but the majority going towards Santorum, given Santorum the edge.
The Lord was still covered in the adapted swords all over his body. Any fleshy race would be hurt to touch him. The point of his adornments, really, to be untouchable.
It's a good one. It stops you flitting about all over the place and ending up with a half-dozen fragments of novels/stories. But you see, I've got this idea. My CERN story. It has an ending and has taken wing. But I'm part way through another that's going stale on me and, well, do I ditch the stagnant story and dive into the CERN story? Or do I act all professional and craft some life into the stale story?
I have been pulling the ones with the flowers and using them for green onions. The ones below are in my herb box. I planted one onion that my friend gave me a couple of years ago and it just keeps multiplying away. I have only been cutting and using the tops. I guess I should dig them up and see what I've got! LOL!!
A little something worth noting: A little while ago I changed my Twitter & Tumblr login info/usernames but Path was synced to the old ones but there wasn’t an in-app way to change or reset even after revoking Path from Tumblr and Twitter. One day I saw an update from a friend on my Twitter and clicked the link going to path on the web, where at last I saw an answer! There was a settings tab and I managed to disconnect my Tumblr and Twitter on there. So if you’re in a bind about this as well, go to www.path.com/settings to reset your auto-share settings
ホランド ノヴァク
Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy’s office issued a statement: “Prosecutor Worthy was made aware of the allegations approximately a month and a half ago.” Her office can’t comment because there is an ongoing investigation. No determination has been made on whether criminal charges will be filed.
The inaugural Els for Autism Golf Challenge in 2011 raised $1.8 million through direct support from nearly 9,000 donors and major corporate sponsors, with more than 1,700 amateurs competing. The 2012 format will remain the same, with two-person amateur teams competing in 30 best-ball format Super Regional events across the U.S. at the PGA Tour’s TPC clubs and other outstanding golf properties this spring and summer.
Not surprisingly, the exhibition, which comprises much of Grace Kelly’s dearly (and clearly) treasured wardrobe, has been constantly sold out. Advance booking essential. Indeed, you may recall my pathetic attempt to gain entry without doing so back in May. This time round however, fate took a hand. Actually no, not really fate.
Fire-A ribbon set like the air one but this one has deep reds and yellows and it REALLY looks like a fire as the ribbons tangle and set upon each other. Rhea sat her fan back and put it on it and it looked really neat but I was worried about an actual fire so she stopped. As I went trying to make the ribbons I tried out felt, cotton and some silk that was from Sunshine's birthing blankets (they were tie dyed a rainbow color so all the different colors would lend her what she needed when she needed.). None of them would fall back on their self and make a fire and nothing mixed and moved like it. I found it in the bridal aisle. It also doesn't ravel but I do recommend serging or sewing it for the backgrounds..
You don't?
Mary Ann Miller, Associate Professor of English, Caldwell College, Caldwell, NJ, is calling for submissions of poems for a proposed anthology of contemporary American poems that contain references to one or more Catholic saints (excluding Jesus and Mary). Please read below for further description and guidelines. All e-mail submissions must be received at mmiller(at)caldwell.edu (replace (at) with @ in sending email) by 11:59 p.m. on Friday, June 1, 2012. The subject line should read: "saint poem(s)" GUIDELINES: * Up to 3 poems per poet will be accepted for consideration. * Each poem must be no longer than 3 pages. * The poems should NOT be historical poems, i.e. "lives of the saints" in modern idiom, written in the voice of the saint speaking in the first person "I," NOR should they be prayers addressing the saint in the second person "you." * Personae SHOULD be contemporary voices, male and female, from a variety of social, regional, and occupational circumstances. Voices of poems already selected from traditional research are speaking within very specific contemporary dramatic contexts, such as: a mother trying to get her newborn to fall asleep at 3 a.m., a man returning to a depressed coal town in western Pennsylvania after abandoning it to live elsewhere, a Native American child experiencing the pains of assimilation in a Catholic school, an older brother concerned about the kind of marriage his younger sister might make, a burn victim's compassion for a small child with whom he shares a hospital room, a woman holding the hand of her dying mother, a Hungarian Catholic woman whose marriage to a Jewish man causes her father's rejection, a woman doing laundry, a family moving out of their home, a disillusioned nurse whose back goes out from lifting so many bodies, a medical doctor struggling to inform a patient of his terminal illness, a friend of a gay person who died of AIDS, a friend of a woman who attempted suicide, a patron of a food pantry who finds money on the floor. * Poems of humor and irony are welcome. * Published and unpublished poems may be submitted. If published, please include all original publication information in bibliographic format at the end of the poem. * Send submission as a single-file Word attachment to mmiller(at)caldwell.edu (replace (at) with @ when sending email). The first page should list the poet's name, phone number, and e-mail contact information, a brief 4-line bio, and the titles of submitted poems. The poet's name should appear on each poem. * The editor will respond by e-mail to all submissions within a month of the submission deadline. * The editor is in the process of finding a publisher for this anthology and, therefore, cannot guarantee its publication. She is proposing a collection of approximately 50 poems.
The image you see under Fillmore East's cover is
in which you were also raised with him
The day started with going to Irondale with my son's acting workshop - then off to the studio to see how things were going.
I mean we had a good laugh.....
That alone would have been a perfectly satisfactory conclusion to this episode... but there's a twist! There are actually TWO aliens hiding in the diner! The waiter working behind the counter removes his hat to reveal a third eye... he's from Venus!
What I’ve seen often (and I’ve certainly done this myself many times) is someone asking the Universe/God for what they want and then creating a long list of what they DON’T want. How many times have you done that? Essentially, what you’re doing when you do this is creating a push and pull dynamic between yourself and the Universe. You ask for something, and then you push it away. This doesn’t get you anywhere as you’ve already discovered.
I currently have one more 4th of July pillow hanging half done on my design wall made from the same fabrics. I should be able to finish it up this week and have both of them done in time, which, for me, is a really big deal! Maybe I'll even get another decoration up or two.
Two more old cottages to add to my accordion book. I seem to have made the 2nd one rather crooked, blame my odd eyes and the arthritis.
"The performance was followed by a little birthday party for Avery in the Dining Hall. Avery is now 13, an accomplished student. Karla was especially proud of Avery and excited to get together to celebrate Avery's first birthday as a teenager. It was as perfect a family afternoon as we could hope for. Had we known it was our last day, it would have been heavy, overbearing, not the gift that it was, light hearted, buoyant, playful. As we walked out to our car to drive home, Karla handed Abby a purple balloon that one of the staff in the dining room had given her. And Abby, distracted for a moment, lost hold of the string and the balloon rose up into the sky. No one was very much concerned. The girls are almost too old for balloons. But there was something about it, as it rose into the sky that struck me, and I felt drawn to watch it. So I stood there, away from the group, feeling a bit silly, almost obstinate, and I stared after the balloon as it rose into the gray sky. Abby wandered over, and grabbed me around the knees and watched with me. Every now and again asking "Do you still see it, Dad?"
As I child I also loved puzzles. I loved connecting the pieces together to come up with the whole. To this day, I love connecting people with people, ideas with ideas, and people with places.
Claim the joy that is yours as a Christian. Remind yourself often of the incredible truth that, as a Christian, you have eternal life in heaven awaiting you. Let the knowledge of that wonderful gift from Jesus give you joy every day.
Frankenstein was created by a mad scientist.
Empowering Youth Through Travel is a Chicago based 501(c)3 organization dedicated to empowering inner-city youth through hands-on learning of current issues and developing them as global leaders equipped with the skills to enact positive change at home and abroad. Participants chosen for the program attend a six-month, Saturday program in Chicago where they learn in depth about EYTT’s global theme, sustainability, through in-class research, field trips, and volunteer opportunities. Self-discovery and individual growth continues overseas in Uvita, Costa Rica as students explore the country hands-on by studying sustainable development and volunteering on a local conservation project within the Uvita community.
Happy to have found my voice, I set out to finish the next book, set in Turkey, unlike Happy Hour, which was set in Holland. This time I was on much more familiar ground, having lived in Turkey, not Holland, for the last two decades. The topic too was more up my street. The main character is a woman journalist, not like the protagonist of Happy Hour, a bored bureaucrat whose downward spiral starts when he stumbles into having sex with an underage girl.
Daniel Dragomirescu, El Diablo y el Hombre de Dios/
My awful encounter with death has if anything, increased my sense of how unknown the great questions of our existence remain.
in chains
*Figure out my fourth year rotations
You cry until you laugh,
Texas Gov. Rick Perry’s description of Social Security as a “Ponzi scheme” is drawing lots of criticism from rival candidates Mitt Romney, Michele Bachmann, and Newt Gingrich. But so far at least, it’s not drawing much criticism from the voters most affected by the issue.
(This brief note is more like a TMoB message, but the TMoB board has gotten cranky about posts with more than a few links. If I've made any factual errors, I hope someone corrects me.)
One of my favourite things I found while I was out this weekend were these fab sneakers:
13. Tonight
Smell you the buckwheat where the bees were lately buzzing?)
Of course, it just wouldn't be right if I didn't run into some kind of problem with a project. Sigh... I cut out the whole dress, smug with myself for getting all the pieces cut with no fabric to spare. But when I carried everything back to the sewing room (I cut on my living room floor) I found, to my horror, that I had dropped the yoke and collar pattern pieces on the floor on my way to the living room and they did not get cut! And I had no more fabric!!! So the next day I made an emergency run back to Walmart, and thankfully they still had plenty of the same denim. I bought another 1/2 yard and pre-washed it and cut those pieces out later that night after work. How I missed them in the first place while I was laying everything out, I don't know. But all's well that ends well, right?
8 egg yolks
So Saturday morning, the day after my biopsy, I got out of bed, put on my running clothes, and headed out for a run.
Houses aren't just houses, they're symbols of humanity. More than that, they're symbols of the human experience. It's not just because we spend all of our time in our houses; we don't. In fact many of us spend considerably more time outside our houses than in. Still, our houses are the places from which we launch our days and then retire our days. Our houses are where we let our hair down and take off our masks. Our houses are where we dream our dreams and scheme our schemes, conjure up ideas and wrestle with fears. Our houses house, contain, hide and at the same time express our lives.
Okay, not really. But she likes to daydream she’s all of those things and more. So when she wakes up with a medieval knight aiming his sword at her throat, Jessica thinks it’s just another daydream. Until she realizes that, 1- dude is actually causing her neck to bleed, 2- her dress is so hideous she never would have daydreamed herself into it, and 3- Zac Efron is nowhere in sight.
And the he saw a blur!
Sometimes realizing God’s plan for hope and a new future will lead you where you have never been before. You will not be walking in someone else’s footprints; you will be making your own. You may be leaving footprints where they may have never been seen before in new path blazing through the obstacle that is in front of you, as God destroys the enemy that is behind you. So go ahead and move forward in life knowing confidently that God has it all planned out for you if you will but trust Him. Follow God’s plan for your life, and trust His unfailing, forgiving love. In His plan, every pain, hurt, wound, and disappointment that you have experienced will find peace. If you will but trust His plan for your life, you will find the sense of wholeness and completion that you long for.
Mount Coke to Mkhangiso;
This year's Music and IP conference, organised by CLT Conferences, took place as usual in the splendid setting of London's Prudential Building, now fortuitously reconstituted as a suite of offices and conference facilities. First to speak was Fredericka Argent (IFPI), who took the audience through the problems in copyright enforcement which led to the passage of the UK's Digital Economy Act 2010. The Act was predicated on statements in EU Directives to the effect that internet service providers (ISPs) were often better placed than copyright owners to deal with infringements. Fredericka explained the basis of the Act's graduated response to file-sharing. Using date-and-time stamps, ISPs can identify which subscriber is the owner of an IP address at the time of infringement, which enables the right person to be targeted. Once targeted, responses can be ratcheted up, from educational notifications to full-blown legal action.
Only time and the collective judgement of fellow Sepia Saturday contributers will tell, but I may be able to make a claim as the closest follower of Alan's theme this week. I believe this young lady, pictured in an unnamed 4¼" x 3¼" paper print from c.1910-1914, and doing her best to ignore the persistently annoying younger brother still in nappies, is well into her training for a career to be spent astride ponies of the inanimate kind. Judging by her apparent age, she may even be the same curly-headed young Queenslander who later caught the roving eye of that wheeled toy horse in 1937.
“Criticism strikes an emotional chord in us. The emotion must go somewhere. To reflect it back to critics is to play their game. To bottle it up inside can result in depression or ulcers. Another option is to dump it out on someone completely unrelated to the situation: spouse, friends, employees, your children. That only complicates things. The only healthy and profitable thing to do is to pour out your heart to you heavenly Father.”
Orthodox church.
I'm not sure what happened after that, because I woke up.
1. "Hold On To The Metal"
It’s a move required by the U.S. Department of Justice after it says NOT enough African-Americans (Blacks) PASSED the exam.
“There is a new treatment. It’s very experimental—from Canada. We don’t know if it will work. But it’s your only chance. It would mean being in Bart’s over Christmas though….”
I have all my ingredients. I have a good block of time. In addition this was my first time trying to brew after work on a weekday. So the homebrew stores are closed plus to make a new manifold would take some time. That's when I remembered I had a paintstraining bag, so I tried a modified brew in a bag method. It worked out, but was difficult because I was already maxing my Mash Tun with 15lbs of grain. My efficiency was a bit low, so I added a bit of table sugar to get my O.G. up higher.
8 oz Flaked Oats
Worse even than Roberts, were that possible, was her colleague Duff Wilson, who was to become the main Times reporter covering the case and who, in a 5,700 word page 1 article published on August 25 2006, claimed that the prosecutors had strong evidence to continue pursuing the case against the three defendants, when, in fact no such evidence existed. Wilson did not admit that he report was primarily based on hand written notes prepared, from memory, by one policeman written months after the event, and which conveniently fudged or amended inconsistencies .Some may ask why should he admit it?, the policeman's notes told the story he wanted to report.
1 small white onion, halved and finely sliced
Also, design patterns improve code readability for coders and solution architects. The code becomes understandable and maintainable.
Tammy Maltby is a speaker, author and media personality with a heart for helping women to live rich, authentic lives. Her multifaceted life can be summed up in one word "encouragement". Though the gift of hospitality she mentors women in embracing community and connection though faith and food. She empowers woman to start simply but simply start! A ten-year cohost of the two time Emmy-winning NRB TV talk show of the year Aspiring Women, Tammy has also been featured on hundreds of radio and television programs, including Focus on the Family, Family Life Today, Life Today with James and Betty Robinson, The 700 Club, Midday Connection and CBN's Living the Life. She was the ongoing emcee for the John Maxwell's international THRIVE! events. She is the mother of four grown children, two of whom are internationally adopted. Tammy makes her home in Colorado with her husband.
Soft Paper warning: If you have a very soft or fibrous paper, when you try to pull up the extra tone it may pull up some of your surrounding colored areas. This might be more pronounced if you are coloring with colored pencils and especially chalks. This is not as big a problem with marker, which permeates the paper better.
Hannah's husband is kidnapped while at sea, so she's alone when a high ranking Christian government official comes to her seeking aid for his laboring wife. Ignoring the pleas of her Rabbi to adhere to the laws, she agrees to help his wife in exchange for the ransom money needed to rescue her husband. Once the baby is born, Hannah is under threat of arrest for treating Christians and practicing witchcraft for using her birthing spoons, and she's protecting the baby she helped deliver from family members intent on doing it harm. She turns to her sister who left the Jewish Ghetto to become a courtesan and they disguise themselves as plague victims to evade arrest.
1. Alive (Nightmare) – Kid Cudi – sometimes I fool people by the music I listen to here is maybe one of my trump cards.
For instance, on problem noted is that units experience a great deal of turnover immediately after deployment, with lots of people transferred out and new folks coming in. The contention is that this happens so early in the reset phase that it causes a lot of problems. But the fact is, you have to move those people early to allow the gaining units, and the parent unit, to bed down their new people, and start the training cycle. How do you address the first issue without knock-on problems with the second?
Why are his attempts to limit the freedom of the British people never questioned in any general way?
This is how Lydia and Itay play together: run around screaming, fight over the swings, hug and make up, and then Lydia feels like her personal space is being invaded and starts to cry. Repeat daily.
5. Sort the items into the storage containers you are going to use and place everything into the desired place in the cupboard/space.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art advertisement for their exhibit, 'Francis Bacon: A Centenary Retrospective' refers to Bacon as, "one of the most compelling painters of the twentieth century". 130 of the deceast Irish born / English bred artist's works are currently on display. The collection spans his entire career. I enjoy seeing the different stages an artist goes through en route to discovering his own personal style so it should be interesting. But was this artist really, "one of the most compelling painters of the twentieth century" or simply just another eccentric gifted artist?
“If we have adopted the open tender system just like the Penang state government is doing we could have saved several billions ringgits.
What if you could get a comprehensive service, that really gave your book a good chance in the world!
"The anti-austerity movement seems content to seek only a defence of the concessions won by older generations, rather than using the economic crisis and a renewed interest in radical ideas as a means to agitate and fight for a fundamentally different society." There is a problem here. I take this to mean those in unionised work, as opposed to the "economic sectors that are unorganised and casualised, or soon to be unorganised and casualised" referred to elsewhere. And a large proportion of organised workers do exist in the state sector. But why set up such a distinction? After all, people who work in all sectors and none depend on workers in the state sector - to heal them when they are ill, to look after and teach their children etc.
Another version of the same gene, which was prevalent in Asian populations, they said was associated with collectivism and a greater willingness to put the common good first.
A willingness (in this context) to feel the fear and do it anyway
Sneezing fit on highway causes me to veer into oncoming traffic and I die horribly. If you have allergies like I do, this isn’t even all that irrational. Considering how many articles I found on the Internet about this very thing happening to people, it may in fact be a serious safety issue that should be addressed by the President as soon as possible. Way more dangerous than all those French fries Michelle Obama does not want us to eat! Case (or cases) in point:
You have a soul, but it is a black hole,
Africans have been moving downwards towards SA and now they cannot move down any further. South Africa is the last stand of the African. In this most southern part of this dark continent will the nations of Africa clash for the last time. This will be the African Battle of All African Battles. This will be the War of Africa.
So, that's it for my pic-spam.
Getting engaged in the neighborhood park
I think of all the things I could/should be doing, but I don't really care about any of them.
04. ....Con La Madre (06:04)
First, I had to remove the casters. This ended up taking about 3" off of the chair, so now it's a little short. I definitely don't want it on casters, so do you guys have suggestions of what I could put at the bottoms of the legs instead? I need help here!
Each time I come to Buenos Aires my favourite nights and favourite milongas change as new milongas start and people change the places they go to. But some, of course, remain constant favourites like Canning. Wednesdays and Thursdays are my least favourite evenings at the moment as there is no clear favourite place for me to head to. For example, on Thursday there is one place I like which has a lot of people but the music leaves a lot to be desired and the dance flow is non-existent and scrappy to say the least, last night it made me feel that I should have stayed home and rested for the next day of lessons.
reforms to try to halt further job destruction as Spain already has the highest unemployment rate in the 17-nation eurozone with more than five millions unemployed and more than eleven million people at risk of social exclusion, as a result of the economic crisis. (AP Photo/Manu
Joyeux Noel (dir. Christian Carion, 2005)
1 1/2 cups shallots, skinned and thinly sliced
22 ma
I have been trying to alter my schedule a little bit to help allow me to be in bed with CC for longer after he gets home. Since it's summertime and I'm not working (and I am a night owl anyway) I'm staying up until 2 or 3 each night so that I sleep longer and stay quiet while he's sleeping! I'm sure many of you have dealt with this, but our "together" time has been somewhat odd. Granted, this isn't such a good thing since we are going through the beginning stages of fertility treatments and trying to start a family, but I guess we find time???????!!!! It's just making me think things will definitely have to be a little more unconventional! (Sorry, I know it's a little too much for you to know, but hey, it's the life of a LEO wife, right?)
Samsung and Apple are both expected to be able to maintain their sales in that country. The Korean company has powerful distribution, while Apple can rely on the power of its brand despite the iPhone being comparatively expensive.
Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close
So that was how I was introduced to Carrie. I took it home and when I read the first few pages, where Carrie gets her first period and is massively humiliated by the other girls in her gym class, I connected with her immediately. How many times had I been humiliated by my peers? Called names? Bullied?
press all the way down the dough until you reach about 1/4 inch again. the dough will probably crack, again, don't worry about it. the final shape should sort of look like a little canoe. just make sure they are compact.
This is a recurring theme with Alabama linemen, it seems. Remember that last year, Andre Smith showed up sporting his fat-ass costume at the NFL Combine (and he only weighed 332), and was so unprepared that he left the combine early. At the Alabama Pro-day, he had dropped some weight but was still considered overweight, and slow. He might have been the 1st OT taken off the board (as high as 1st or 2nd overall) had he shown up looking fit, and he was expected to drop much further than he actually did (6th to the Cincinnati Bengals).
Every once in a while you get something unexpected at a meet like this, and in Greece it came in the form of Carmelita Jeter's 10.67 dash down the track. How good was Jeter's run? Well, for starters, it was the 5th fastest time in history. Only Marion Jones (once) and FloJo (three times) ever ran faster. And when taken into account that Jeter's time came with a slight negative wind, and all but FloJo's incredible 10.49 came with winds of 1.0 mps or greater, it may well have been the second best performance ever only behind the WR itself! And take note that Marion's single better performance also came at the altitude of Johannesburg South Africa.
“Sometimes I dream of a rush of angry consumers tossing Homer Simpson Chia-Pet Heads, plastic singing fish, and chocolate fountains upon the trading floor in protest to all the crap that is created with a cause for profit, not need,” says Amy. “That’s my dark side.”
“I know this is very forward. Please don’t think me a rogue, but I’ve been sitting here listening to you, trying to focus on your words whilst imagining what it would be like to kiss you.”
"I've got something to tell that mother of mine!" I beam back with a smile.
You’ve illustrated several children’s books. Could you tell us about them?
We were up with the sun and casting off within fifteen minutes. Everything was carefully stowed, we confirmed the forecast (thirty knots from the north!), changed the fuel filter, rigged a second reef in the main and hauled anchor.
Possesssion by Elana Johnson
Question #3: Why do you visit IHeart Organizing? What is bringing you back each day?
near Paris, 1 July 12.22 am
First things first: the 21 Minus contest has winners! I shall be mailing a bag of coffee to the lucky Emily, hopefully sometime today or tomorrow. As we've seen in the past, I am challenged in terms of sending things in the mail, but at least coffee isn't breakable. Le sigh. A fly got into my coffee this morning. They're having something of a fruit fly epidemic at the dining hall. Here's a brilliant idea: if you want to keep the flies OUT of the dining hall, CLOSE THE WINDOWS. You know what's outside the windows? Trash cans. Dumpsters. Know what lives in trash cans and dumpsters? Flies.
And – now that a mountain-range of emails has been ‘rediscovered’ by Murdoch’s IT team – there will almost certainly be e’s to and from him, both confirming that assertion and incriminating shoals of Murdoch journalists. The Slog will be asking lots of questions should the Met’s investigator Sue Akers and her chaps not press charges against the recipients of Whittamore’s largesse: for having sent the monkey to jail, it does seem a little strange to pardon the organ-grinders.
what'a an ordinary day for you like?
IAAF spokesman Nick Davies was not immediately available to comment on the story.
. . . A claim of dilution applies only to purely commercial speech. Mattel, 353 F.3d at 812. See also Bolger, 463 U.S. at 66-67 (finding that materials do not become “commercial speech” simply because the author had economic motivation to create them). “The question whether an economic motive existed is more than a question whether there was an economic incentive for the speaker to make the speech; the Bolger test also requires that the speaker acted substantially out of economic motivation.” Procter & Gamble Co. v. Amway Corp., 242 F.3d 539, 552-53 (5th Cir. 2001) (emphasis supplied). “Thus, for example, speech that is principally based on religious or political convictions, but which may also benefit the speaker economically, would fall short of the requirement that the speech was economically motivated” and therefore would be considered noncommercial. Id.
Where the empty metals shine—
This presentation discusses an 1889 will that was denied in 1900 with no stated reasons. An exhaustive search of records resulted in the likely reason and made the machinations of one son a little easier to see and made the reasons behind some documents a little more clear.
In case you don’t already know, “CC” on an email means “carbon copy”, and “BCC” means “blind carbon copy.” They have old timey roots, but the abbreviations have stuck around. In modern vernacular, when someone says “copy me on it”, they mean CC them on that email, or, make sure they see the email, even though its contents aren’t directly addressed to them. The difference with BCC is that the recipient(s) can’t see who else is getting the email. It’s very sneaky, it’s a lovely little tool for when you’re sending something to a large list of people who may not want their emails shared, as is often the case with a press release. If you use Gmail, like I do, click ‘Add CC” or ‘Add BCC’ under the send box to get these options. (Also, you can email from different accounts via gmail! Incredibly handy! If you also download the Gmail app on your smartphone, you can use this option there, too.)
Daydreaming about murdering Speer “would make him feel good.” He “felt happy” when he learned that Speer had died.
Fang gained international notoriety when the Chinese government barred him from attending a Texas-style barbecue hosted by US president George H.W. Bush at a Beijing hotel in February 1989.
LL Cool J
With much disappointment he went to the screen
mind is mine .. you don't take it
Some authors reject the sense of “create,” including Irwin, whom the footnote cites as supporting the translation “create” or “establish.” Irwin, like Bruce Vawter in later decades, appears to find the premortal Christ in Proverbs’ Wisdom and so insists the being was begotten but also always existed. This goes back to a note in Gesenius’ lexicon, which points to a “Sermon on the Divine Sonship of the Messiah” for an argument against the idea of “create” for the root (in reality, it goes back to the early christological debates). This is linked with the modern fundamentalist obfuscation found in the footnote above, namely that “possess” avoids the problem of insisting God did not have wisdom forever. The real concern is whether or not Christ was created, and the footnote tries to skirt the problem by insisting that “wisdom existed before creation,” as if existing before the creation of the heavens and earth means “uncreated.” The possibility that something was created before the creation of the heavens and the earth is tacitly rejected here. (If one asks why there are depths before the creation of the heavens and the earth, though, the answer will always be that God created it beforehand.)
Lyngstad
Will: No, you need to learn this.
Some one and I cant recall who had bought it on a blog I follow and then some one else so I just had to get it. I must say that the book depository had it here within about 10 days of me ordering it.
Numidian Cavalry
Unfortunately...I don't know to what. A few ideas are "Life is Wien-derful", "Isn't Life Wien-derful" and "Ahead of the Pack". I could really use your creativity and ideas. Lay 'em on me!
Or her desire for June and evening, tipped
Forget about the New Age..Old age is the way to go.
What is the book about? It’s about a boy and his two dogs, the things they go through together, hunting coons, making miracles happen, saving each others’ lives.
I suppose I should make a formal announcement here at the "old" blog before I have all operations going at the new place.
Meanwhile, squad Bogart kept falling back until they were behind squad Douglas. The bug that had attacked them lifted its head and looked around searching for a new target. Corporal Stewart launched another AP round at it, but it impacted on one of the walls and merely caused the creature to take cover again.
It's a little daunting. I'm not sure I'm entirely up to the challenge. Good thing I have all these responsible adult people (well, they gave BIRTH to the little ones) to help me.
Mary didn't try to replot my novel or redesign my characters, but she did point out when I was heading for trouble:
After this entire experience, I feel like I have finally taken the running leap off the cliff. I feel like I have finally hurled myself as far away as my speed and energy will allow me and my landing will be a bit of a splash but surfacing is now something I can do my way and on my time.
Today 37 handmade Valentines were delivered to friends, family and school staff. It was the 11th year of a Valentine tradition I began with my daughter when she was in preschool.
Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday, a day dedicated to supporting the small businesses that make our neighborhoods unique and neighborly. You'll get expert and helpful service that you won't get in the big box stores, and you'll be keeping your money in the local economy. Neighbor-lujah!
What if I told you that Old Man Jenkins sits on his porch every day because he's scared of what might happen if one of the neighbor kids gets too close to his lawn. Say there's a sinkhole in his lawn that nobody can see, but it's there..right behind the spot half way up his lawn where the grass is dead. Maybe the sinkhole is in the same spot where Old Man Jenkins buried the door-to-door kitchen cutlery salesman that he thought was having an affair with the dearly deprated Mrs. Jenkins, (God rest her soul). Maybe every night Old Man Jenkins gets woken up by a knock at the door, and when he goes to see who it is he can hear someone with rattley breath and a raspy voice asking if he'd like to see a demonstration of the latest ginsu knives. Maybe Old Man Jenkins is afraid that if one of the kids disappears down the sinkhole there will be an investigation and they'll find the body of a certain salesman, so he keeps a daily vigil.
And they soundin' sharp
Something which nearly any computer end-user has is wallpaper on their deskop.
Before the dinner, there were the usual small chat, photo sessions and greetings with relatives and friends.
The night arrived, and we prepared ourselves chemically for the big event. To say that our performance that night achieved "trashiness" is a gross understatement. OMG, this time we were way, way beyond trashy, although there were moments of extreme musical weirdness which somehow transcended awfulness and approached some kind of horrible genius, if I don't say so myself. "I remember being really stoned," recalled Jeff later, "and giving birth to an ET doll on the stage of the Temple of Music and Art with a strobe light going. And it felt goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood." To make matters worse, or better, the sound man totally sabotaged us, adding effects without our permission and, thus, clinching our reputation without even realizing it.
The last song Whitney Houston sang in public was “Jesus Loves Me.” At her funeral, friends and family talked about her faith in Christ. No one knows another person’s heart. But if the stories of her sincere Christian faith are true, then we know that her faith struggled through rocky soil.
Here is one of the pale objects from the House of Hearts .. ..
I know I’ve written about this before, yet it bears repeating in light of all the new information that sales management can get in advance of hiring a sales candidate. So forgive me for repeating the top 5 things a sales manager must be focused on with 85% of his/her time. They are:
Half the fun in finding music is in looking for it yourself. You could spend months on end scouring the internet, magazines or even your local music scene for some fresh and exciting act that could blow you away. I still think that if you’re really passionate about having a career as a musician, you shouldn’t place all your cards on a glorified karaoke show in the hope that a bunch of industry moguls can shape you into an artist that will sell millions. Not only would making your own way in the industry be a more beneficial and satisfactory experience, but it will give you breathing room to mold yourself into the artist you want to be, rather than pandering to the expectations of a label. But as a platform for getting talent heard, then I see no problem with The Voice becoming a staple on my TV. There’s been a batch of great vocalists thus far on the show, and I can only hope that no matter what the outcome is by the time The Voice has run its course, they continue to grow into great musicians. It’s not impossible for a pop vocalist to be a credible artist: someone like Jessie J is living proof that you can be an incredible singer and a great songwriter in the pop industry. And if a programme like The Voice can squander competition from the contrived malarkey that is The X Factor, then we’re one step closer to making the industry a better place for artists everywhere.
She handed me a Cinco de Mayo t-shirt the Mexican Restaurant was giving to all their patrons. I believe Cinco de Mayo (5th of May) is like Christmas in Latin countries. I proudly put it on when mom left – possibly my new favorite t-shirt. I can get excited by the littlest of things.
Hello! My name is Sarah Dreher, I am a designer, thrifter, gatherer, stylist, wife and mother. I own a vintage rental and styling company in Minneapolis, MN, called On Solid Ground Vintage Rentals. Since Carla and I orginally met because of our love for one of a kind vintage items, I thought I would share a bit more about my business and how it all began.
Hike in groups of two or more. Make enough noise to prevent surprising a cougar.
MUNG BEAN JELLY
Here he is showing us how to laminate the pasta dough
The good news is that this fair trade, organic chocolate is REALLY tasty stuff. And let's face it, if you pay more, you're probably going to eat less. Rather than scarfing down a fifty cent Hershey bar and having to wonder if the cocoa was harvested by mistreated children, I can spent $3-$4 on a fair trade bar, and slowly eat one or two squares, then wrap it up to enjoy later. It's easier on the waistline and easier on my conscious. My wallet doesn't even take that big of a hit because I'm spending about the same amount, just getting less chocolate. Recently, I've become a fan of Theo Chocolate and Equal Exchange chocolate. Milk chocolate varieties are my favorite, I tend to steer clear of dark chocolate. My husband likes dark chocolate though, so I've tried those out too. I believe it's simply because the cocoa content is higher, but the dark chocolate version of these brands have more of a coffee undertone to them than a regular Hershey's Dark bar. I have also tried Endangered Species chocolate and didn't like it quite as much...the milk chocolate varieties taste more like dark chocolate to me. I've heard rave reviews about Dagoba too.
Chef Marchetti prepping up before the session
Conversations with old acquaintances.
Days I exercised: 1 ish
We left the restaurant and went to see our new baby cousin (Joe’s first cousin’s baby girl Ellie). She’s 4 weeks old and is the most precious baby ever. It was so fun watching Anna interact with her – especially since we’ll have our own little one soon! Anna is going to be such an amazing big sister. She’s gentle, quiet, and she’s totally willing to change poop diapers and feed the baby. SCORE! It’ll be like having my own little elf around to help me out!
a festively funky piece to pin upon your hat, scarf, purse or lapel :)
So fancy yourself a good creep out? Then you might enjoy this take on a good ol' party with the big red guy. The Devil Inside takes over on January 6th.
Christopher Walken emerged an acting star for his role as Nick. Nick becomes disconnected with reality and stays in Saigon and begins playing roulette for money and the thrill, not realizing his actions and what he has left behind at home. It’s only when Michael (De Niro) returns to Saigon to attempt to bring his friend home does he briefly see his friend through his jaded and fogged view of life.
- shape into a large cirle and cover agian
Q: Tell us about epiphanic moments in your books. Since you don't outline, how do you make sure these happen?
expressions. At a deeper level, there are issues of status, rank, and
Anyway, enough of flattering myself on what a lovely one I caught... indeed.
#3 CALORIES IN MUST BE LESS THAN CALORIES OUT. If you are trying to lose weight doesn't matter how you do it, this simple rule applies - ACROSS THE BOARD! Do you know how many calories you consume vs use in a day? Find out. I believe knowledge is power with this one!
I pulled the back lid off and started tinkering with the mechanical innards, but nothing worked. My cow patty was not going anywhere.
My hope it that when you walk into whatever studio is yours~
I am so grateful for this day! And the Champagne is waiting to be opened!
To be sure, a few plants still hold onto their blossoms, like this shrimp plant (Justicia brandegeana). This is the first year that I've grown it so I'm not sure how long it will keep these interesting shrimp-shaped blooms. The plant description said that it might bloom into December. So far, so true.
Today it doesn't matter that our escape from all things cold and cloudy has led us straight to all things torrential in the tropics. The rain will probably stop for short bursts of sunshine and if it doesn't we'll make our own sunshine.
Maybe it’s about flowing with life. Letting go of the resistance and allowing it to happen, to come into your life. Alan asks us to let it happen in the second part, but maybe it’s in the moving piece too, the lining up. Makes sense that there’s a certain amount of letting go involved in getting in line.
LET cool 1/2 hr before slicing into bars
How’d it go: Fairly well. I ran 2 miles, non-stop, in 16 minutes (an 8 min pace). This gave me just enough of a confidence boost. While I’d like to be running around a 7:30 pace right now, the first month of training for me has always been about slowly getting back in shape, this has just been a little harder than others.
If you look closely, you'll see I've added a few more blogs to my reading list on the right. They're actually ones I've been reading and enjoying for many, many months but for no particular reason they remained hidden on my dashboard reading list. So, of course, I highly recommend you turn your attentions there....such a shame that Going Gently is a sad, sad post today.
Torquay were looking nervous, too. Their position would have been a lot more comfortable if they had not conceded a last minute goal to Crewe in their previous game and in the 40th minute more jitters in their defence enabled Hereford to build an improbable 3-0 lead, Purdie pouncing on a rebound to drive a low shot into the net. The captain is the only Hereford player to have been at the club when they secured promotion back to League Two in 2006.
-You ACTUALLY contemplate how much easier a minivan would be
Dress, shirt: Promod
Directed by Bobby Roth
How Does 3D Television Work?
Then there has been the development of Yohan Blake, last year’s World Champion in the 100 meters. With Bolt out of the final due to his false start, Blake ran through the field on his way to a clear victory. As impressive as that was however, he really turned heads with his season ending 19.26 to win the 200 in Brussels – the #2 time in history and only .07 off of Bolt’s WR! At 21 years of age, Blake is just about in the same spot Bolt was entering the 2008 season – only significantly faster across the board.
I would suggest that a third, and even more interesting (as if anything could possibly be more interesting than the preceding 10 paragraphs) way to approach the book is through a feminist lens.
I couldn’t help sniggering at Cocteau’s dogged inflexibility, which caused the humans to look at me in surprise. “This is no matter for amusement, Mr Bananas,” said Cocteau sternly. “If you have information on this case it is your duty to expose it to me.”
But I think that if that is the case, and we’re not just talking about not just individual episodes and weird animals—if there is a culture—let’s say that there is a Bigfoot culture, that they’re like some kind of human life form and they actually have a culture that is so alien from ours that we don’t understand it—if we’re gonna deal with that it’s almost gonna be like rather than discovering an animal it’s gonna be like making contact with a different culture, and I’ve read some anthropologists….
The life of young British boy and his band called The Beatles left an indelible mark on the times and is told in Fab: An Intimate Life of Paul McCartney by Howard Sounes ($29.95, Da Capo Press). Born in 1942 while England was in the midst of war, few would have predicted McCartney would become one of the most successful songwriters, starting a musical revolution with fellow band members. There have been few written accounts detailing his life after The Beatles. This is an exhaustive biography that will more than satisfy any one of his fans. Jazz aficionados will enjoy Thelonious Monk: The Life and Times of an American Original ($18.00, Free Press, softcover) by Robin D.G. Kelley. Monk broke the rules of musical composition along the way to creating a body of work and a sound that was distinctively his own. As a composer, his songs, “Round Midnight”, “Straight, No Choice”, and “Ruby, My Dear”, are now standards whenever musicians get together to jam or play in jazz clubs. He was a bit of a mystery in life, but his goatee, dark glasses, and beret became the icon for hipster cool. The author has performed a great service to his devotees and a new generation discovering him. The jazz legend lives in this thoroughly researched presentation of a unique life.
Robert Benson: Sure, people need Jesus, but most of the time, what they really need is for someone to be Jesus to them. If the Christ is to appear incarnate in this world these days, then it will be because we are Jesus to other people.
Also, I've been trying to write a Christmas list this week, but there is genuinely nothing that I want except tickets to The Strokes (not that they're even going on tour), Alex Turner/Harry Styles's hand in marriage and Alexa Chung's legs, wardobe and hair. Somehow I kind of doubt these things will turn up under my tree, so instead I'm just looking forward to eating a ton of chocolate.
It was Jeremy Clarkson in a motorised scooter decked out in ostrich feathers. He opened his throttle and grinned that offish grin he has. I kicked my heels one, twice, and thrice into Patrick’s flanks but I can only assume that he was as shocked as I to see the nation’s top curly perm blazing past.
That old woman. She is sometimes frightening, sometimes kind, always ancient, always cunning, and she always dwells deep in the woods where children become lost.
Spock’s Beard- Snow
I am a former a reporter, editor and columnist for the (redacted), have freelanced articles for regional and national magazines, have been anthologized and have a book about “classic” cameras still in print. I know the value of good editing, respond to it, and am trained
Hair Color: BALD
8. Favorite t.v. show?
connection between the tiniest and
Thought I'd done it all. Thought it was covered and I have griefproofed my house. Then this morning I spotted two toys I'd missed. Hidden at the bottom of the bed. Lined up perfectly.
The choice is yours.
So tonight I had the pleasure of unwinding with a bottle of saison Brett. I am very thankfull that I bought a few bottles of it to cellar, and one to drink now. This is mainly for the fact that only being cellared 3 months right out of the bottle and being 8.5 percent it is pretty boozey now. But a year or two will take that edge off nicely.
For this reason, the story-within a story motif was a common tactic in Gothic fiction, conjuring the idea of a normal friend relating a scary story they heard, making the frightening aspects of the story seem like they could almost be real.
Travel, opportunities with publishing and the media, anything to do with higher education, plus activities with medicine or the law are all areas that excite you during the next six weeks. Something will happen that allows you to expand your horizons and your experience of the world. (It could be rather mind blowing.) Not only will you learn more, you will schmooze more with people from different backgrounds and different cultures. This could mean job opportunities in these areas or a chance to promote yourself in some way. Hitch your wagon to a star! There's a lot going on in your life right now because you're about to enter a whole new world by next year.
Three decades of government land seizures, rampant logging and oil palm expansion has decimated Sarawak’s rainforest and disenfranchised its native population. Yet a seismic political shift is occurring, which represents real hope for Sarawak’s people and its beleaguered forests. Through the work of tireless activists, a reform movement is rapidly gaining ground and exposing the duplicity of the existing government, and its ‘Godfather’, the Chief Minister Abdul Taib Mahmud.
In his book Big Oil and Their Bankers in the Persian Gulf: Four Horsemen, Eight Families and Their Global Intelligence, Narcotics and Terror Network, Dean Henderson states: “My queries to bank regulatory agencies regarding stock ownership in the top 25 US bank holding companies were given Freedom of Information Act status, before being denied on ‘national security’ grounds. This is ironic since many of the bank’s stockholders reside in Europe.” This is, on the face of it, quite astonishing but it goes to show the US government works not for the people but for the Elite. It also shows that secrecy is paramount in Elite affairs. No media outlet will raise this issue because the Elite owns the media. Secrecy is essential for Elite control – if the world finds out the truth about the wealth, thought, ideology and activities of the Elite there would be a worldwide revolt against it. Henderson further states:
Mk's socks are still on the needles I am about to start the short row heel & then its clear sailing hope to have to have them done by the end of the month. In time to cast on his next pair. I have also been working on my only UFO that I have running around from last year. Its my Queen Anne's Lace.
Anyhoo, the Future Mrs Adventures and I were discussing such lists this morning. She asked if Kylie was on my list I said no (although I'm sure she's a lovely person) and told her there was only one person on mine.
New players don’t read the story; they look at the gameplay. So while emphasizing, funding, and giving power to gameplay design departments is good in hooking in new players, ignoring the story department punishes loyal players who are in it for the story. A constantly evolving story keeps things just as fresh as a new champion. Good game design and good story are complementary in this way.
Second half (part three) still needs a few 'bits'; I will write them on my computer at Cafe del Sol (I have spent many happy hours here working on something or other!), then go back to the condo and print the whole thing out. Determined to be done by 5pm. If I finished by 2:30, I could go to yoga at 3, but that seems a bit of a stretch (!)....
What did you all do this weekend?
Into his mind the turbid ebb and flow
invented a light that uses both a RECHARGABLE battery and two backup, alkaline batteries. The reason for multiple battery types is to insure adequate power. Solar power only works with adequate SUNLIGHT. The longer the solar cells are exposed to daylight, the longer the charge. Conversely, less daylight means less charge. All SolPals lights have the option to be either completely solar-powered or to use built-in hybrid technology. The hybrid sensor first utilizes all stored solar energy, then, if necessary, automatically switches to the backup alkaline batteries.
I made it to the Arboretum Saturday.
Anyhow...onto the reason for this post :) It's time for another challenge at The Outlawz Copic/Promarker group. The challenge this week is to show us your 'Male' themed projects. I don't find male projects as easy as girly ones...not quite right to put bling & pretty things on for the boys :)
The wickedness the racism the anger
Candy Dulfer is to be presented once more as a creative and ambitious musician. The album is influenced by Candy’s close cooperation with Printz Board (musical director of the Black Eyed Peas and multiple Grammy winner). A majority of the songs comes from the common spring. Printz was even responsible as a producer and singer for most of the songs. Candy’s longtime companion Ulco Bed stands out for the rest of the songs as an ally. Candy and her crew give the radio the spores in all its aspects, – first-class songs and an irresistible groove. The album is produced by Dave Love. The album is now on sale in Europe and will be available in USA on November 8, 2011.
When I was a teacher, (in a real school, as my children call it) I had a couple of these types of books that were full of words of wisdom, comfort, and encouragement for teachers. I kept them on my desk and looked through them every now and then to get encouragement and comfort. That's what I thought I'd do with this little book...
For my card I have done an easel design and I have used Tilda with Ice cream and Summer Tilda from the Magnolia Lazy Summer Days Collection 2009 and both are coloured with copics. The Dp is from echo park and the ribbon and jewels are from my stash.
Watermark and photo effects: Photographers Toolkit 3 by: Wallstorm
Me: Ah okay, salamat po.
This year, for the first time since the death of the dictator, who ruled the country with an iron-fist for 36 years, there was no mass held at the mausoleum in the hills to the west of Madrid to mark his death.
Emme, Sophie, Ethan, and Carter are seniors at a performing arts school, getting ready for their Senior Showcase recital, where the pressure is on to appeal to colleges, dance academies, and professionals in show business. For Sophie, a singer, it's been great to be friends with Emme, who composes songs for her, and to date Carter, soap opera heartthrob who gets plenty of press coverage. Emme and Ethan have been in a band together through all four years of school, but wonder if they could be more than just friends and bandmates. Carter has been acting since he was a baby, and isn't sure how to admit that he'd rather paint than perform. The Senior Showcase is going to make or break each of the four, in a funny, touching, spectacular finale that only Elizabeth Eulberg could perform.
Filet Of Grouper With Fingerling Potatoes,
For over 18 months.
Massillon, who strongly condemned this mania, was preaching at Versailles in front of an auditory of elegant lady sinners. He thought that he could kill this fashion by exclaiming ironically: “Why don’t you put them everywhere?” His advice was followed within the hour. The fashion-conscious ladies put them in all the places where they hadn’t yet thought to put them. And this was how the mouches (patches) a la Massillon were born.
Complex and curious, this isn't a beer to gulp, it's one to savor and discover. Try it!
Operating hours
“As humans we need to protect those who can’t protect themselves. Animals included and when you see something like this it really tugs at people’s heart. I have no doubt that the magistrate in this case was affected by the allegation just like anybody else would be,” she said.
c) Juno (Hera)
She needed to borrow some flour for the meal she was preparing.
The digital library notified me this week, my WMA audio file for Liesl & Po was available. I greedily downloaded it as soon as I could get to my home computer. I absolutely adore Lauren Oliver's poetic writing style. This book, even though geared for a MG audience, was no exception. I almost devoured the entire audiobook in less than 24 hours. Such an utterly captivating piece! Plus, the audiobook reader was the infamous Jim Dale! He was the perfect voice for such a tale.
Someone once said that the little details are what matter, and I agree, all the small details matter and make a huge difference in the end. Without the small things, we would be nothing. The little details are what make up the world, and also every reason it keeps spinning. I am simply talking about those every day things that we pass off and do not think twice about.
But how do they really feel deep down inside? For centuries Christians have tried to convert tribes of natives and poor people to their religion. And yet, you always hear about how they secretly still perform their own religious rituals. It's a game with no real winner. Or is it a game with two winners? Is this missionary work Daniel is doing a curse or a blessing?
Leave for one month before using and keep in a cool dark place. Keeps for about a year.
“What we are trying to do is make an adaptive change that would keep us engaged and relevant as a faith community in today’s culture,” said Murray.
Brandom’s account of deontic scorekeeping, which I endorse, requires a form of strong permission. What it is to be entitled to a theoretical or practical commitment must be independent of what it is to be committed to it in order for his account of the various inferential relations (permissive, committive, and incompatibility) that constitute conceptual content to get off the ground. This means that I can’t hold that obligation and permission are straightforwardly interdefinable, and thereby makes it harder for me to uphold the unity of the deontic proposed above. I don’t have a complete solution to this problem, but I have a rough strategy. Although I don’t think that all forms of permission can be simply reduced to a corresponding notion of obligation, I do think that what distinguishes such strong forms of permission can be explained in terms of the ways in which they function as reasons for action. If I can then explain the general structure of this kind of reasoning in terms of the fundamental obligations that underlie it, I will have indirectly explained permission in terms of obligation. This strategy would not only shore up the unity just mentioned, but would also secure the primacy of the notion of obligation discussed above. However, this isn’t so well worked out, so I won’t discuss it further.
I became interesting in this subject after watching a TV show called Lost Families on UK’s ITV 1, a show trying to reunite parents and the children they had, had adopted. As I watched again and again, the same story was repeatedly coming up a young woman getting pregnant from the 1930′s to the 1970′s (ish) and being sent away in shame and disgrace or removing themselves to mother and baby homes, ran by Nuns to give birth alone, spend mere weeks with their children (who were desperately loved by their mothers in the majority of cases) and being put up for adoption often leading to years of guilt and heavy secrets for the mother. I was wandering around the library (where else?!?) and I saw this, it was new in an
I'm working on my life/work balance and, while I really love my job, I need to make the time to do the things I like to do (like writing and such).
Sedatives. You might want to take one too.
Since we arrived in Jakarta, we’ve experienced rain almost everyday. It’s not a rainy season right now, but it seems to not matter. Even if it rains, it has stopped after a while and sometimes the sun shows its face.
To prepare icing, combine powdered sugar and the remaining ingredients (except lemon rind strips) in a large bowl; stir with a whisk until smooth. Place 1 cake layer on a plate; spread half of icing on top of cake. Top with remaining cake layer. Spread remaining half of icing over top of cake. Garnish with lemon rind strips, if desired. Store cake loosely covered in the refrigerator.
This crooked, corrupt, piece of crap administration deserves to have every single person calling them out on every nasty, stupid thing they do, no matter how small the voice.
we record to watch without commercials at an hour when I can still keep both eyes open
(Don't judge him for his t-shirt. I gave it to him for Christmas.)
3. Good food. As I journey down this road to a healthier lifestyle, I am rediscovering old favourites and discovering some new favourites, luscious soups, crispy stir fries, curried beans with vegetables and something as simple as a date with a dollop of fresh goat cheese and an almond slipped inside like a little treasure waiting to be found.
"No-o-th-ing," came the unconvincing reply.
That fucking garden..... I gave up on this planting. The only thing that sprouted in any edible quantity was the radishes and the starters that I bought are doing great. Matter of fact I had to take a tomato plant out of my patch 'cause them motherfuckers flat out exploded and there wasn't any air circulation in the middle of the patch. I didn't want to nurture those tomatoes only to have them mold up on me.
Jeff Peterson had been on the verge of a breakdown when he had approached Moody a few weeks before. His wife and daughter were emotionally detached and Jeff was feeling more and more of the strain of their apathy toward each other.
Your challenge is to show us a project drenched in fall colors - orange, russet, burgundy, gold, yellow, nad charteuse, your pick! Enter by Friday, November 25 (the day after Thanksgiving); our randomly drawn winner and the honorable mentions will be announced on the last Sunday, November 27. Multiple entries are encouraged, but each must be on a separate post. As always, entries that feature Wonderland in some way will get two chances in the drawing instead of one.
In practical terms, a new US attitude to South Africa means, among other things, that our country will fall ever lower as a preferred destination for foreign direct investment.
The Texans were on the road this past weekend against the soon-to-be Los Angeles Jaguars, and I've been so disheartened with their entertaining yet choking performances that I couldn't even watch the game. So instead the wife made the decision that a full 99 hours of DVR and a queue of literally 5 years worth of Netflix is not enough, that she went to damn entrance of the Wal-Mart for the Redbox of Transformers 2. Pretty good movie, a basic CGI and explosion orgy with a healthy amount of racism. Three of my favorite things. All we needed was for Megan Fox to pop out of that top for the brothas out there. The movie ended just in time for us to see the Texans blow it again.
.: A person of good intelligence and of sensitivity cannot exist in this society very long without having some anger about the inequality – and it’s not just a bleeding-heart, knee-jerk, liberal kind of thing – it is a normal human reaction to a nonsensical set of values where we have cinnamon flavored dental floss and there are people sleeping in the street :.
I’m not sure whether I’ve mentioned this before, but I’m a student living in the UK. And the weather is absolutely gorgeous! I like that word-gorgeous. It’s just so…gorgeous. And another word I feel like using a lot, ‘charming.’ Yet somehow, I don’t. Kinda feel over-using it might make it lose its charm.
Hope you are all enjoying your summer, I will be back soon,
I finished the whole costume by putting on more clay divets.
Kitty Thomas writes dark literary fiction that explores power dynamics and sexuality (back in the olden days people called it erotica). This work is fiction and meant for an adult audience. The author does not endorse or condone any of the behavior carried out by characters in her stories.
The sudden blog heavy love for iceage will probably go down as one of the most surprising pushes for a band this year. Not that it is unwarranted; far from it. As anyone who has managed to a copy of New Brigade in the US (not an easy feat, by the way) can attest to how good the album/band are (more on that in a second). But the fact is this is a band has been around for almost two years, and released a seven inch that served as a precursor to most of what's on New Brigade to not so much as a squeak from the blogosphere (though it did do great in the punk circle that iceage original come from). The sudden yelp of blogs, who rarely care for punk bands unless they are covered in lo-fi (not that there is anything wrong with that genre either), seems to have come out of nowhere, along with the equal strange desire to lump iceage with with the emerging "darkwave" scene.
My computer problems will be soon rectified. Thus, book reviews and other assorted posts will resume in due course.
However, all is not well in Spoons sale land this month. My first clue was meeting a disgruntled early morning customer who left the staff with this parting shot: “Call this a facking sale! I’m facking off to the Peel!”* The problem, judging by web reaction, is the lack of sale items compared to previous years.
It’s all about the friendly customer service, right? I must admit that late in my shift, I’m not so much feeling that. Nevertheless, when a couple of women approached my desk this evening, I looked up and pasted on a helpful smile. “Did you need something?”
1 teaspoon of vanilla paste or extract
Well... first of all Happy May Day! I'm the one who is always saying I'm determined to keep May Day alive... and "I" almost forgot it :( Thanks to my sis.... who reminded me. I used to love May Day as a kid. Do kids even do it anymore? Please tell me yes. I'm so out of the loop of things, fill me in will you?
Palmer also claims that he will use state-of-the-art 21st Century technology and the latest navigation and safety systems in the new ship.
The light turned yellow, just in front of him. He did the right thing, stopping at the crosswalk, even though he could have beaten the red light by accelerating through the intersection.
1 Kings 14-15, Luke 22
Mordecai received Esther’s communication and here is what he said in response:
I’ve set some goals for the New Year (it's never too late). Twelve goals, for each month of the year. Of course I have some relational and spiritual goals as well, but the following goals are related to food, cooking, and health. I've found that one goal per month is realistic and much better than a weekly goal. I've also found that I learn best through my mistakes, so a full month gives me more time for trial and error.
*a note: I think that the words ‘creative’ and ‘aesthetic’ could probably be interchangeable in this post.
I used Stampin Up dimentionals on this project and both layers of the flowers. Stampin Up dimentionals are a lower profile. When doing multiple layers I like the lower profile.
Mrs V stops by for coffee; her life is extremely busy and she rushes in and then rushes out again so that our conversation is held at speed which means I have to cram in all my interesting news into a few minutes. Fortunately, this isn’t difficult.
In order to continually experience life, liberty and happiness as promised, nature’s God demands obedience to His law to protect those rights. This is where we have fallen short and therefore, in order not to lose the blessings of freedom, the people of the world must turn from the sole focus on rights, and recognize the inherent and required responsibilities that we have.
BM: Well, yeah, they were used as cannon fodder and that was very controversial in Ireland and a lot of people didn’t like it.
Nonduality itself doesn’t change. It doesn’t even exist since the word means “not two.” Who, then, is there to see nonduality? Nonduality is exactly what we are. It is so intimately what we are that it cannot be seen. Anything said about nonduality is nonduality at play and play is the dualizing nature of nonduality or consciousness.
Several limitations of this study are important to note. Given the data was collected online using social networking websites and list serves, these participants may represent a unique subgroup of transgender individuals. While individuals from urban, suburban, and rural areas throughout the country participated, most were white and reported higher levels of education than the general population.
My mom was born in 1915 in Warren, Ohio, but after her first two or three years lived the rest of her life in nearby Mineral Ridge. I'm guessing the approximate date of this photograph as 1920 because Mom looks about 5. Could this be a birthday photo (she was born in June) with a birthday gift of the rocker?
I had high expectations for Paris. It is one of those places that is so romanticized, you think it couldn't possibly live up to the hype. But it does. It is more beautiful and wonderful than any picture of it captures.
We followed the crostini with a Cristina salad, which included many of my favorite ingredients: hearts of palms, oranges, avocado, and olives. I didn’t eat too much, though, because I was saving room for the main attraction: The two wood-fired pizzas. We ordered simple Margherita pizza, which was topped with fresh Mozzarella, tomato, and basil. But then, we also ordered a more unique pizza, the “Sardinian,” which included cauliflower, capers, tomato, and one of my favorite types of cheese: Pecorino (from sheep’s milk). If this is the type of pizza they eat in Sardinia, sign me up for the next visit.
Looking at the map highlight the scope of the problems in Hackney. I knew there was a huge issue but seeing it like that is quite eye opening. There will however be many others in that area struggling who haven't sort advice. And thousands of others all over the country in exactly the same position.
#1 Me wearing Rainbow Color lenses in Earth Brown by Cheesie. I'm thinking on making a review on the lenses, so I pray hard that my hardworking mood comes faster. It doesn't comes yet wtf.
One of Portland’s mottos is “Keep Portland Weird.” It’s a fun and funky slogan. It’s even painted all over one wall in Old Town. It sums up part of the Portland experience. (I’m not sure if the Benz really fits with the motto, though).
But even as it extended the deadline for the buyback of FCCBs, the RBI lowered the discount levels for premature buyback of FCCBs.
it was way more work than anticipated.
20. Santa Claus Is Watching You - Ray Stevens
In other words, the corporation (government) spends the people’s money but never has to pay the people back. Instead, it spends the peoples money, and then charges the people the same amount (plus interest) as debt for the privilege of it spending the people’s dollars. Now, imagine if I asked you to borrow money and then demanded that you pay me back the same amount of money plus interest (usury) – doubling your loss plus interest. What would you do? Would you bend over and take it? Would you work three jobs so that you can pay me back the money you loaned me plus interest? Would you go to jail (debtors prison) or give up your property to eminent domain and confiscation by the government (IRS) if I demanded that you pay me back the money that I owe you?
He stood motionlessly, cup in hand, staring out across his yard. If someone had have been traveling down Foxtrot Road at that moment—perhaps on their way into town, headed for work—and looked into Richard Dansky’s front yard, they would have seen the distinct outline of a tall man. Even in the darkest hours of morning, a passerby would have noticed Richard’s rigid and expectant posture. Perhaps they would have noticed the way his chin was raised at an angle, as if he were deep in thought. They would probably assume that Richard was waiting with an almost inspirational gait for the southern Virginia sunrise as he thought about some unnamed task the day would bring.
Happy Friday! I have had a crazy week. I was in Houston for three days, came home, had 10 women at my house, then Thursday was our anniversary. I'm pooped!! Jump on over to Mama Ms blog, and join the fun!!
Doctor claims he has evidence of the afterlife – Dr. Jeffrey Long on the Today Show
Michael Arnold / from Cashlin / 28-35
Everyone can use libraries. Any age. Any stage. Come. Try a book. Even buy a book.
5 boxes of cereal
“The neighbours won’t object
What it is formulated WITHOUT:
I don't think it's necessary to try to do the MOST possible. I think society needs to learn to be content with ENOUGH. Our kids have never been without food or shelter or access to medicine, and neither have I. We're already more privileged... than much of the world's population. Why do Westerners need sooo much in order to be happy? And even though we have sooo much, so many of us are unhappy, anyway.
But is the Gospel being preached?
When we depend on the media to shape our world view, we’re going to get a world view that looks a whole lot like the view from a harried, ratings-obsessed assignment desk: If it bleeds, it leads. If it’s sad, we’re glad! If it’s an abduction, ramp up production!
So I have been neglecting my blog...and I can't remember probably everything I ate but here goes:
A program can not be limited with a linear sequence of code. There have to be some repetition of same code for particular number of times. To make this repetition we use control structures in all languages mostly.
Jon, I think it would be a good idea for you to look at the Etnad animation on the boat, think about cool camera angles etc.
The cold wind blew, leaves started rustling
Cutaways and noddies will save your edit. You can’t have too many of them.
1 pound semisweet chocolate
“Lifeonland’s three-track debut showcases a band with a vital sound that has sparkling psychedelic overtones that becomes even more endearing with repeated plays. ‘Siege’ has swarthy vocals to the fore and evokes memories of ‘Silver Machine’ by Hawkwind, The Byrds ‘Eight Miles High’ and the better aspects of Ocean Colour Scene. The melody on ‘Regrets and Chances’ really soars, with hints of Jim Morrison in a truly fine vocal performance that glides along above hypnotic raga rock rhythms. ‘Blind’ takes a more world-weary approach applied to a similar musical blueprint. It might work better for radio if shortened a tad? That said, Lifeonland possess a distinctive sound and style that helps them stand aside in today’s sonic hurly-burly.”
hours to get a gallon of gas. They had a totally different
It had to happen eventually. Today Jamie Ford is not on the New York Times bestseller list--ending our phenomenal run of 130 consecutive weeks on the list. That is two and half years without dropping off.
Theta Brainwave State (4-7 Hz)
I do believe that Occupy is performing a valuable function in teaching people what real democracy looks like. Maintaining what they call a “horizontal structure” (what the rest of us might call “pure democracy”) not only helps to develop everyone, it helps to make everyone a leader–and therefore immunizes the movement against divide-and-conquer tactics. But I wish that the movement would listen a little more to the old fogies, who were once at exactly the same place that Occupy is, and know what went wrong and why. The old saying goes that if you learn from the past, you get wisdom, and if you don’t, then you get experience.
What these people fail to understand is that if you’ve said something racist and f*cked up you’ve already been rude to me. You’ve already offended me and ignorance is no excuse because you are a grown person, you can read, you can research, you can figure out how to treat people with respect and equality.
who shoulder burdens they cannot manage
But, eventually,…Lazarus made it to “Jesus!”,…and all was great!!!! RIGHT!????
Things have a tendency of working out for the best in life. I've learned to accept each hurdle as a lesson.
What’s it like living with a child who is autistic? It’s like this…
Later, though, she reappears at the educated man's house. Her husband has died and her son has been carried off by a wolf. Because she is perceived now to be unlucky she is taken on with apprehension, and forbidden to touch any of the sacrifice paraphernalia for fear of annoying the ancestors. This causes her distress, and she is ridiculed for endlessly repeating the story of her stupidity of allowing her child to be carried off by a wolf. Eventually someone tells her that even in the afterlife she will be punished as both her husbands will want her and they will tear her in half. To prevent this she uses all her earnings to buy a 'threshold' so that she will be trodden on by the population which will prevent future punishment. Believing herself to be purified by this, she is even more distressed when again she is prevented from having anything to do with the sacrifice.
Kraft Patterned Paper - My Mind's Eye
That is what Adam Selipsky of Amazon feels. He says it may not happen overnight, it may take 5, 10 or even 20 years, but it will happen over time.
I try not to mention running in front of this person, let’s call him Jack, because Jack suddenly becomes the oracle of running. He’s been there, done that, got countless T-shirts – mostly from the marathons he’s done and he is liberal with his advice. Lucky me. Last night he remarked that I had lost weight (which is a step up from when I started running and he told me that I was too fat to run!) and before I knew it the words were out of my mouth.
I actually went to a bookstore to find something to read while I was waiting for my Mom. I was going to buy a book on Physics for beginners, I want to explore something new.
He started off with a well-known hymn expressing exactly this sentiment, in which the name of Jesus has been replaced by that of Jacob Zuma.
He held a double honours degree in chemistry and a master’s degree in biomedical pharmacology and leaves behind widow Suzanne, son Tom and daughter Lucy.
Now I wanted to hear more – the whole song at least, and others too. So I got on the internet and found a video of the performance and thought I’d share it with you. If you’re my age maybe you have the same fond memories of Danny Kaye that I have. If you’re much younger and are not familiar with him, here’s a chance to make the acquaintance of a fabulous entertainer and a wonderful human being.
Did I have a fluid spirit, but after a death, a breakup, a financial hardship
I suspect the average moviegoers does not know that,however, and went to the film expecting high adventure. Heck, I did know that, but I was still expecting more fun.
The first step is to order yourself a good serving of Vodka (this in itself is hard, the vodka menu is the size of a tome and makes your eyes glaze before the first drop even hits your lips). The honey-infused variety is a favourite, as well as ‘The Chosen One’ and ‘goldwasser’. Slip it down quickly and get yourself a cocktail – a simple Moscow Mule will tide you through to the main courses without worry.
As you all know by now, I am not a huge fan of baking but when it comes to making brownies count me in totally. It is sooo easy to bake, I actually make brownies like every other day now. Brownies are chewy, cake-like cookies usually made with chocolate.
3. Toast in oven to attain desired texture. It shouldn’t take longer than 5 minutes. It will give you the nice charred effect, plus a hint of crunchiness.
3 presumably
"Whatever you are doing, and wherever you are at 3 p.m. your time on Sunday, Feb. 13, make sure to hoist a glass to Don Younger, the venerable publican of the world-famous Horse Brass Pub, who died Jan. 31.
“ . . . if I had to perish twice,
To undertake these operations Shell, who took over as Operator from Tullow Oil on 1 February 2012, has contracted the Stena DrillMax ICE drillship, which is expected to commence operations midyear subject to government consents.
This was a law promulgated by Henry IV of France in 1598, granting religious liberty and full civil rights to the Protestant Huguenots, but the revocation of the edict by Henry’s grandson, Louis XIV, in October 1685, brought an end to that freedom, declaring Protestantism illegal in terms of a new law. The persecution that ensued was nothing short of horrendous, and as the penalty often included burning at the stake, it was small wonder that the Huguenots were eager to take advantage of the invitation to emigrate to the Cape of Good Hope. - Le Cap de Bonne-Espérance. - The name alone must have spelled hope to them.
Paul always manages to write such interesting posts when he blogs, but with my flowers I struggle to think of anything to write, I'm just getting over a nasty bout of the flu at the moment which probably won't help my blog writing.
Plus, don't shoes get even more fun to buy when they're the only thing that fits you?
Follow this link for all the info on the documentary. It will actually play again this week (Thursday, March 22) so you can catch it live if you would like.
Based on my imperfect, layperson's understanding of medicine, there are all kinds of staph out there and they live pretty much everywhere and most of them are not serious. And kids get minor staph infections all the time. W.B. had one several years ago in his belly button and it was painful, but went away after a day or two of putting a little antibiotic ointment on it. I know one little boy who got one in his foreskin--ouch! They don't get quite so, well, dramatic, as the one H.M. had unless you end up mistaking a major outbreak of MRSA for a stubborn yeast infection (which occurs shortly after your other child has an emergency appendectomy and you probably bring home the MRSA from the hospital without knowing it) and which leads to it getting in the bloodstream and causing an abcess that requires surgery and hard-core antibiotics to cure.
What also doesn’t help is that even though we follow the ‘recommended’ schedule and get vaccinated for the same diseases; it isn’t the same vaccines. If you don’t already know, vaccines are not produced by doctors, the CDC or ‘health care professionals’; they are a product made by companies, several in fact. So I ask everyone who has had a vaccine:
(The numbers were swimming I tell you - and speaking a foreign language).
Step 3: Knead the wrapper dough well and make 50g balls with it.
I want my daughter back. Sometimes, I seem like I am doing well, and a lot of the times I am. But, the hurt and sorrow in my heart is not gone. It is still there and it will sneek up on me and the pain is strong and deep. I am so sad that I am writing about my daughter rather then caring for her.
Who knoweth the power of thine anger?
Doubt is never a good thing. If I hadn’t doubted myself, I still would have written the same book, only faster. Doubt didn’t force me to make changes, or take the story in new directions. All it did was postpone me from doing what I should have done in the first place; write the story I wanted to write.
Yes folks, the construction company that is allegedly owned by Calder Hart is currently doing business under the People’s Panchayat Government.
2- The Iron King by Julie Kagawa. I love the Iron Fey series, and the nevernever! I’d love to see someone else’s vision of the nevernever. And Ash and Meghan? One of my favorite romances ever.
Ephesians 2:21 We are carefully joined together in him, becoming a holy temple for the Lord. Through him you Gentiles are also being made part of this dwelling where God lives by his Spirit.
"What's that for?"
…so, here it goes…
I didn't even know a skateboard could go faster than a bike but I guess if you have no fear....they do.
It may be two years out, but we’reseeing the current presidential hopefuls shake out. Evan Bayh has sadly (but wisely) already taken his hat out of the ring, as has Mark Warner. (Well Mark, if you can’t keep your current job you probably shouldn’t seek the boss’s job.) But the following have either formally declared their candidacy, formed exploratory committees, or are generally expected to run:
Producer : Kumar S Taurani
Difficulty 2 (out of 5)
*Images: Hampton Art; Hero Arts Sending Smiles
cultural mix of Portuguese, gypsies in a way, having been on the sea for forever…the Latin feels… the Indigenous, from the Amazon with
You can find the whole series, sixteen episodes, on youtube (& elsewhere), with lazy subbing. They don't translate when the characters are speaking sometimes, but they translate more than enough for English speakers to understand.
Believe me: This is pure power, folks...
I will try not to give so many details away…so hang with me on this! LOL
It is not passive, and it is not necessarily easy. Many of our thought patterns and responses are so embedded we are not even aware of them. But part of the system of MT helps to identify them. As time moves on, and we establish new ways of interacting with our bodies, minds, and the world around us, many of the symptoms begin to reduce in their severity and may disappear altogether.
Our eldest son turned 5 on Christmas Eve, so we always work really hard to keep his birthday special and separate from Christmas. It was so easy to do with Chuck E. Cheese, and they were open all day on Christmas Eve.
I met him at McDonalds, and the kids had ice cream. Worked out great. I got the kids after letting them play for a while (there was some kid at the playland named Anakin!!!), and headed back to post. I dropped Leo off at his house, and went back home to get ready for the meeting.
But why is it so hard to gather the facts? Why is any whisper of a detail akin to snitching? . . . Does President Brodhead dare to confront the culture behind the lacrosse team’s code of silence or would he fear being ridiculed as a snitch?
I wish some of you out there would tell me a nice story about something that happened to you or a story you heard.Any kind of story as long as its not too sexy or too violent.HA!Even if you just came here by accident,I wanna hear a story from you. Everyone has a story that sticks out in their minds even if its something from a book or movie they watched.You gotta have tons of them so TELL ME A STORY,please.
that costs less and does more. The Kindle Fire is the hot new tablet, and it
The bathrooms all use fine construction materials from Italy or Greece. The framed stones on the wall are actually special, finely polished rocks found on the beach that can only be bought in limited amounts at souvenir shops in Greece in small bags — they only exist in limited supplies. Peter filled up a suitcase with $2000 worth just so he could frame the ones in the Men’s room.
We all have a favorite pen. People always have a pen that feels good to write with and is comfortable to hold and they like the results.
I recently saw an article on umpteen ways to avoid overwhelm. Just looking at that article made me feel overwhelmed! So, let’s do them one at a time. You can start to move forward today, and feel like you are doing SOMETHING to improve how you feel and where you are. If on the other hand, you are currently doing this practice, you can check it off your mental box, and feel GREAT.
Still, I was rather happy to wear it again, though I don't think I can wear it as I used to, bare legged and with sandals. I need tights or leggings under it now, with my fish white legs that just don't do above the knee dresses anymore!
(He was such a cutie)
When my previous husband and I lived in Wolverhampton, on the day we moved in we were invited next door for drinks and were told in the nicest possible way that it was a tradition in the cul-de-sac that people only hung out their washing 'during business hours'. As we both worked during business hours, this made for difficulty. We solved it by hanging out washing in the space outside our back door, where we were overlooked by no-one. In fact these neighbours became great friends, but their whole lives were devoted to 'keeping up the standards.'
The soft glowing light inside the fireplace is just a pleasure to behold.
Turmeric powder - few pinch
That said, it's always a good idea to have a proofreader.
I know I owe y'all a post about what the Writing Life actually looks like in reality (following up on an earlier post) but I'm going to bump that post to next week because there's something else that's been occupying my mind.
But languages constantly evolve and I think terms like the ones in Mashable’s list although sometimes ridiculous, show the creativity and humour in language. And in the right context using completely new, colourful and funny language can be very effective. For example humour and a relaxed attitude to language can brighten up dull presentations and make them much more memorable – and personal. I often found the university lectures that were the most engaging and memorable were the ones in which the lecturers didn’t just read out notes written in proper English, but who improvised, used the language as they would do talking normally and who used humour.
Sirleaf, 73, was elected president of Liberia in 2005 and won re-election in October. She is widely credited with helping her country emerge from an especially brutal civil war.
"It is my belief that the course on which this should proceed is by you making a complaint to the Metropolitan Police and finding out whether or not they are prepared to carry out an investigation.
No Excuses
After watching so many stupid names go on ships, this is a GREAT idea.
will it catch on? sure. will it do to facebook what facebook did to myspace? no. google’s not even going to try. they just want a social site to search so they can say they have social search and they want ad revenue. pissing off the facebook guys is just a bonus.
Kassi hates the idea of Abby’s death being thought of as a suicide, because “it denotes a whole different angle, an intent to it.”
Ethan Nash
I think my primary responsibility as a blogger is to deliver engaging original content to my readers, be they one-time visitors or long-time subscribers. To be honest, I am not sure that simply accepting the award, and then giving links to other bloggers, makes the grade. Other bloggers whom I read have received the award, and frankly, the resulting posts aren’t that interesting (especially if they haven’t forwarded the award to me).
Sigur Rós: Inni.
agricultural potentials – land
The Class
High Knees (running drill, 40m)
Me: (looking at the strip, which I had noticed we weren't tracing any contractions since her epidural placement) Well, we (meaning you) might need to adjust the toco as I am sure her contractions didn't stop completely.
Another real good day. I went back to an old standby philoshophy and it served well. Ended up beginning the week, but closing out the month on a high note. Very satisfying indeed.
So Laz added a normal Dragon Soul clear and the Title “Destroyer’s End” to his previous LFR kill.
Brewery Location: Athens, GA
Learned of paint
Another good reason to get multiple memory cards is, always has the possibility that the cards can get damaged, lost or stolen. By using multiple and changing to a shoot during a protect photography valuable information.
Sometimes, crappy things just happen.
9.IRON CROSS "Live For Now"
We'll break up the earth, because we know
Then shall there come unto man the great warfare
Police spokesperson Lieutenant Joey Jeevan said the police are awaiting documentation to prove who the legal owner of the land is.
8 slices of lemon
Are there many or few prospects for a licence ?
So, yesterday was my one year blogging anniversary! I'm ashamed to admit that I didn't even notice until late last night, by which time it was too late to get out the candles or whip up a cake. Instead, we'll have to celebrate a day late - and with a warm, tender loaf of quick bread in place of white cake and buttercream.
Then around 4pm we were asked to go back to the van. He said that it would take approximately 2-3 hours drive to Jimbaran Beach where we would take our dinner, which is also included in the package.
Another way to win some digi stamps is to join in on our regular Friday digi challenge. This week the challenge is to create an easel card, using digital stamps only. You don't have to use SNSS digis but we love it when you do! Link your easel card directly to InLinkz on the SNS Digi Challenge Blog to enter.
Thanks for all of you who entered and made my contest oh so fun! :D
(504) 899-9126
It's difficult to come up with a product to mandate that would keep soldiers from being quartered in our houses, or a product that would prevent search and seizures, but you guys are clever. You found a right to health care that never existed in 235 years of the Republic, so you'll find something to mandate.
Dark Matter - Michelle Paver - this was terrifying and fabulous and yet another to review. Go read it if you haven't.
She was beside herself with excitement!
Level 6: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 180 seconds, All Stats: +3%.
As far as I can understand, the camel would have been a strictly unclean animal – that it chewed the cud didn’t matter, and was trumped by its lack of a cloven hoof. However, I also suspect there might be a good deal of merit to Theophylact’s understanding of cleanliness, for if John wore something outright unclean (e.g. a bacon shirt) then what Jew would ever come to him for baptism?
Since I have no knowledge of the singers I was shocked when female singers came on in typical Japanese High school uniform. … How old are they? miko×IOSYS and Silver Forest came. The songs they did were Sweet Little Sister, Kero @ Destiny and Chiruno no Kanpeki Suugaku Kyoushitu
Your Approach
The theme of "man versus concrete" is embodied by track 8, "Reduced to Clear", specifically in the opening verse:
The Vikings have had their reign upon metal for long enough…now its time for the Pirates to have their say! Are you ready for some Drunken Pirate Metal? Alestorm’s approach to the folk metal genre is unabashedly elementary, but you can tell that they’re having so much fun it’s impossible not to play along. With tongue in cheek tracks like “Scraping the Barrel”, these fellas make fun of the fact that they’re not doing anything incredibly original, so (as they imply) you can listen and enjoy…or just suck it, and start your own damn band!
I can't believe it has been two weeks since I wrote a blog post! It's crazy how time flies (when you're working to much).
Unlike many ex–bloggers I’m not quitting simply to concentrate on facebook or twitter. Although I have a presence on the former I pretty much gave up on that over a month back and not before time. Anyone who knows me knows I’m not enamoured being amongst big crowds of people I don’t really know, trading idle remarks either in person or as part of a digital gathering, preferring instead to trade more substantial messages with actual friends online when there isn’t the opportunity to sit and have a conversation in person, in the same way that I now only comment – and will continue to comment on occasion – on particular blogs.
A current thread on a scrapping board I read wants to know why so many local scrapbooking stores are closing. The posts before mine named all the usual suspects, mostly the Internet. So, I wrote this:
So I was walking through Walgreens today and getting bummed out because the truck comes in on Thursday but they really didn't have too many items back in stock yet. Then I glanced down on a shelf and saw the blue mosquito repellant clip on things...I don't use them because I don't go outside but my dad uses them when he mows and stuff. Anyway, they have new smaller ones, but the blue ones were on clearance.
Borstals were introduced in Britain in 1902. The template was public boarding schools (with very secure locks) and the theory was that if delinquent youths (aged 16 to 21) were subjected to a similar regime of brutal exercise, house masters, dorms, endless lessons and the strict regime of the house system, they’d develop self-discipline and a sense of pride, and turn their backs on crime in a flash.
A week or so ago Alaska CURE was invited to tour the new correctional center in the Mat-Su Valley–Goose Creek Correctional Facility (GCCF). Amid a lot of controversy and outcry from the public and politicos alike the 1300 bed facility is nearing completion and according to the facility’s project manager, on time and on budget.
R. Tanlangwidge
the dark cloud of "overwhelmed" showed up and May has completely slipped through my fingers.
As luck would have it, a journalist from a local newspaper had come to see the film and briefly asked Ranjit a few questions with his notebook in hand. When the journalist suggested that movie directors should be allowed a bit of artistic licence to make their films more interesting, Ranjit replied:
3 lb. Venison or Beef Roast
-Don't say, "I understand how you feel." Unless you've lost a child, you really don't understand how I feel. And even if you have lost a child, everyone experiences grief differently. And especially don't say this and associate it with something like your dog...it isn't the same.
Banerjee has also to keep in good humour the middle classes and the townspeople in general, who voted not only for herself as usual, but this time also for her party candidates en masse. Then there are other important votebanks to be satisfied: younger generations, the minorities, women. However, for all her gimmicks and promises there is little evidence that any one of these sections is happy with the government.
number 5....
“Plan members believe the pension promise — they’re not asking many questions, but plans are quietly grappling with the issue of aligning future liabilities.”
And the buzz, and the big, glossy offices and bars. The vast range of potential and possibilities. Being known and welcomed in local eateries. Being anonymous when it suits. And being an integral part of it all.
The Minnesota Arboretum, offers trees, extentions (for the right $), benches, and bricks for memorial by donation.
As the other rider finished her lesson, I started trying to get Oliver round in the way we were working on: Hold the outside rein, squeeze gently on the inside rein and give, use lots of inside leg. Oliver was being very good about listening to the inside leg, which was nice. I was having trouble with my hands though. When the inside hand went to give, the outside hand wanted to do the same so Oliver didn't have anywhere to go, or if we went right, he wanted to go through his outside shoulder, bending at the neck and not the ribcage.
over the next hour, I dilated from 4 cm to 10 cm. The pain spiked so quickly that I went into a full panic. I couldn't move during the contractions, and all of my coping techniques up to that point simply didn't cut the mustard. I was screaming and punching the bed through each one. If I could have moved, I'd have run away. My spouse was terrified that I was going to hurt myself and kept trying to comfort me in any way zie could. There honestly wasn't much comfort to be had. the pain had me in complete instinct mode. Anything vaguely resembling self-consciousness was gone. My birth coach was livid that I was left to scream that way, and was getting ready to find someone to come and care for me when the nurse and the midwife came in.
Unfortunately, purging only reinforces binge eating. Though you may tell yourself, as you launch into a new diet, that this is the last time, in the back of your mind there’s a voice telling you that you can always throw up or use laxatives if you lose control again. What you may not realize is that purging doesn’t come close to wiping the slate clean after a binge.
Initial 10/31/2009 balance: $2,360.46
You have to stop thinking that this game is you versus a stadium full of rib-loving opponents.Sure, you need to be the quarterback of your waist control team, but you won’t achieve success without a team that can block for you, high-five you when you’re doing well, and give you an encouraging smack on the butt when you’re not. Your starting lineup should include your doctor, maybe a nutritionist, maybe a personal trainer, and certainly scads and scads of fans like your family and friends (online or in person) who can push you, support you, and yank the bowl of candy corn away from you. But you shouldn’t be the only one relying on other people; you should use this opportunity to find a support partner who needs you as much as you need her. After all, the best kinds of satisfaction shouldn’t come from the sixth spoonful of cake batter, but from sharing knowledge and support, and helping others lose inches.
Grosvenor does provide what they describe as marketing packages, but author should be aware that this is confined to the printing of posters and postcards and a unique domain name and website. The website package is priced at £299 for just two years hosting space.
In retrospect I started out too hard. My heart rate monitor was not working and without it to keep me in line I let myself go a little too hard too early. These days I only wear it while racing and failed to check if it was in working order. Second, this was my last 100 for the year but another sub-par performance at the distance. San Diego in June was also a bit of a disappointment time wise. It seems like my departure from triathlon has hurt rather than enhance my running. More miles has not made me faster and I think cross training or the lack of lies in the heart of all this. One great thing about triathlon training was all the biking and spin classes I was doing. Anyway something to think about as I wind down my season and look forward to 2011. I've got two short ultras and a ton of volunteering to finish off the year.
I've completed 11 sketches so far. Spoke to my special friend here about how hard it's been to work and she kindly assures me that it's harder to work small than to work large. It's good of her to say that. All I know is that I'm exhausted at the end of each day.
So happy to have been a part of it all in that spectacular church.
Marcil
Virgin Blue says it stopped serving the wraps after complaints from customers.
I’m willing to go under the change
We approached our last house high up on the hill, the place of Joseph the farmer. For him we had chosen a special carol. which was about the other Joseph, so that we always felt that singing it added a spicy cheek to the night. The last stretch of country to reach his farm was perhaps the most difficult of all. In these rough bare lanes, open to all winds, sheep were buried and wagons lost. Huddled together, we tramped in one another’s footsteps, powdered snow blew into our screwed-up eyes, the candles burnt low, some blew out altogether, and we talked loudly above the gale.
My heart, which I was amazed to find grow so easily to encompass loving two daughters when I thought I only had the room for one, has been split down the middle and I am left wounded and aching. Nothing can touch me when I feel the waves of desperation and loss and immense sadness wash over me.
Floral wire (tooth picks or skewers would work as well)
When I get married
Leaves - fresh meadow, soft green
Beat 2 eggs
04. Just Right
An article2 written for a different purpose provides support for Baumeister’s ideas. This article dealt with awareness. This topic is important in the context of trying to diagnose patients in a vegetative or minimally conscious state. Misdiagnosis rates here can be as high as 40 percent. A neural correlate for consciousness is much needed. For many years theorists thought that the prefrontal cortex was key and that neural thoughts that reached this area emerged from unconscious obscurity into awareness. However, new research supports the notion that consciousness is a conversation rather than a revelation, and that no single brain structure leads the dialogue.
mineral makeup offers the added benefit of creating
It's for Bulmers of all people and I play the man who launches the frisbees so that people can have fun in the park during Summer. Don't ask. My character is called Steve. It was a fun shoot in Henley-on-Thames, in a massive field but I did get chronic hay fever and had to keep stuffing Vaseline up my nose. Costume was spectacular, a huge leather coat, bespoke top hat and antique racing goggles, topped off with a mustard polo neck that meant I nearly died in the infernal heat.
“Boy!” Said the ancient voice, like carving the words into the bark of a tree.
3' x 5' Bamboo Matt with Spencerian Script
air bubbles, hoed, stamped again.
He also scored important goals. It wasn’t a case of boosting his figures with strikes against the Ionikos and Panionios’s of this world. In his time at Karaiskakis Stadium Rivaldo scored against AEK Athens, had a penchant for goals against Panathinaikos as well as Champions League strikes against Liverpool and Real Madrid. He saved one of his best for the Greek Cup final in 2004/05 where he curled one from near to the corner flag into the far top corner (see the below video).
Okay, I think that's about enough for one afternoon.
as distant as two sides of the same coin
After an hour of this, the exasperated doctor asked the lawyer, “What do you do to stop people from asking you for legal advice when you’re out of the office?”
Recognising that business tourism is a dynamic developing sphere in the world today, the Ministry is revving up efforts to make Malaysia a prime choice for international world conferences.
"I thank You for how You will work and for the wisdom and strength You will give for this task as I am faithful to look to You.
I can direct it.
Debating whether or not to grow my bangs out. I really like the side-swept styles of Lua P. etc but I feel like the blunt bangs suit my face more?
And so Moon followed the noise and bounded on through the long grass. After just a few meters he came to a small clearing. In the centre of the clearing was Black Pudding. The old whippet was not alone though, he was standing in front of a large spinning ball of blue light which was hovering above the ground!
After that you may have to change your ideas or the way your story is told and don't mistake a shorter book or a picture book for being one that is easier to write. Usually the fewer words there are, the harder you have to work to get it right.
The “commission” is the spread on the trade. Right now, the spread is $0.51 per ounce. The moment I buy in at $1389.01 I could close it at $1388.50, and that’s the extent of my transaction costs. The broker pockets the $0.51 on that initial transaction, but there aren’t additional costs to close the trade. There are some small rollover/holding charges that come into play if you hold it for a long period of time. That amounts to roughly one penny per ounce per week.
In fact, I’m sorry to say, what appears to be going on here is that Elliott Abrams, a considerably admirable public servant and a very smart guy, has been swept up in the GOP Establishment’s Romney frothings over the rise of Newt Gingrich in the Republican primaries. He is even being accused of trolling for a job in a Romney administration. No way!!!! Really????
And my glad response is:
10. Why is the dog covered in yogurt?
Excellent Palatability - Dogs Love CANIDAE®
I am still surprised I missed The Seventh Sign back in the day. It was released in 1988 during my sixth grade year when my class was tormented by a Bob Jones University educated teacher who was obsessed with finding Satanism in anything and everything. Some of the less rigid classmates at our Christian school developed a taste for horror films just to spite her. I could barely get into many slasher flicks, but the constant speculation about the coming apocalypse the BJU trained teachers enjoyed indulging in had me seeking out all sorts of end of the world films, particularly if they were laced with spiritual elements. The Seventh Sign would have been right up my alley at 12. At 34, it is a fun, confusing watch.
Problem: Lights are out.
Today, my mom spent almost all day talking with our providers to get the service again...
One commentator on Sikhism and Islam interestingly claims that relations between Sikhs and Muslims are worse in the UK than in India and Pakistan. He tells us that many Indian Sikhs visit historical gurudwaras in the Punjab, Pakistan. Likewise, many Pakistani Muslims visit Indian Islamic shrines or sports events in India. However, he also says that there are ‘tensions’ in the UK between Sikhs and Muslims. Specifically, there are many cases of Sikhs being ‘forced to convert to Islam’ here in the UK. From my own knowledge, there is the problem of Muslim men ‘grooming’ Sikh girls in order to have sexual relations with them or turn them into virtual or actual prostitutes.
What I miss: Sleeping through the night w/o having to take 30 pee breaks.
You know that light
In 2005, New Yorker and firefighter Matt Long was on his way to the Boston Marathon as he passed the NYC marathon with an impressive time of 3:13. Tragedy struck two months later as he was struck by a bus, injuring his hip.
2. Preachers and missionaries who walk in pride and refuse to humble themselves every day spending little or no time in prayer and soul-winning for the salvation of the lost (Acts 20:19-21).
My favorite Boulevard beer is without a doubt Saison-Brett. I say this with zero hesitation every single time I'm asked what my favorite beer we brew is. Sadly, I can't drink it all the time so I also drink a lot of Pale Ale, Tank 7, and Pilsner. I still freak out when it's Bob's 47 season as well.
heals the sick and afflicted
I already knew I loved him more than anything, but it was that moment, when he limped his way over the finish line, that I realized I could not be more in love with anyone in my entire life. It may also been a side effect of the high you feel from running, but I was so incredibly happy, happy with life, happy with him, just happy with everything.
Assembling the frame
The first block this week is #5, Bat Wing (so not loving the name of this block...). And for only the second time, I ventured away from shot cottons by Kaffe Fassett. I got the whole Colourbox from Oakshott cottons (which is luscious, by the way). My Kaffe fabrics don't have any black, charcoal or grey, so I used the Oakshott shot cottons for this block.
The young man had become a dad on that June afternoon........
8. See letter to Jack Straw dated 15th February 1999 in the Macpherson Report.
So. The Great Wall of books that's been precariously balanced on our sideboard for approximately three months while friends take all the decent stuff out of it? (Don't get me wrong, we encouraged them to. We even gave them green bags and made recommendations.)
The Electrick Floorbanger from Monstrous Regiment by Terry Pratchett
Why can’t our rabbis, of the many persuasions that make up our society, get together in a show of solidarity to exhibit the unity of Am Yisrael?
You are faultless
xoxo Leah
The memorial service noted passages from the Bible referencing God’s unending love and unending devotion to those who experience suffering.
by the way, i am making these next Halloween. they're so easy! don't let me forget.
In the past, I know I would have felt a little more upset over the idea of not winning NaNoWriMo on time. But I understand that, well, life happens. This year's novel idea has been a little half-baked anyway, and although I do like where the plot is going, I just have not felt inspired enough to work on it every day. Well, it's okay; nobody's perfect, and I'll keep this in mind for next time.
It was left to another Jon, this time Jon Kelly of the BBC, to come clean out the nature and history of the clenched fist salute, its heavily socialist origins and its symbolism within those causes which the left have championed over the years.
Combine everything but the couscous in a bowl and mix. Taste and adjust the seasonings to taste. Refrigerate until ready to cook couscous.
need not inflame your bones.
Unless I get a sitter. Which is very rare.
At the museum I was shown around by the curator of fossil archosaurs, the appropriately named Dr Wings. I initially took photos of the specimens using the available light before tackling the more complex task of setting up the studio lighting. When I came to do so I discovered the stands for the flash heads were not in any of the bags. After a quick call I was informed a courier was on his way. The journey had taken me a little over 10mins by cab so I didn’t worry; I assumed I would be underway again shortly. Three quarters of an hour later my mobile rang, the courier said he had arrived and was by the security gate of the west entrance. Not having a compass to hand I had no idea which direction west was and rarely do in all honesty, which makes taking directions in America futile at best but that’s irrelevant; there could surely only be one security gate.
Novelette
But they are absolutely sure of this, thus creating an absolute of their own and contradicting themselves henceforth at every turn - as we also see here at every post Dan submits.
Our guest today is historical novelist Pauline Francis; this is what she says about herself on her website:
Happy Monday! Brrrr very cold this past weekend with lots of ice mixed with snow. . Needless to say I didn't go anywhere! My body doesn't like cold and makes me well aware of it. When it comes to hubbies though I have one of the best! I don't even have to say we need groceries, medicines for he knows when we are low on something and goes to the store and never complains.
There is a bias via the auditory thinkers who need social interaction--they learn by hearing-- versus the visual thinker who does not. In the dictionary you come up with: impractical, impracticable, fancied, illusory, chimerical, unrealistic for synonyms of visionary, which I always thought of as a high complement. The antonym is practical ( from earlier practic, from French pratique, via Late Latin from Greek praktikos, from prassein to experience, negotiate, perform) People who think in words do have a bias. Negotiation is key, If one doesn't think within the framework of words and with others, they are defective.
These men may not have "invented" America, but they were certainly in at the "creation", so to speak!
I would like to write that we have finally planted out all the sets but it would be a lie. Instead I am ensconced in my armchair ripping the Financial Times into 3.5 inch strips. I then take the strips and make what else? More seeding pots.
Pitcher carefully guided his air boat to a stop as the sounds of the reverberating explosions reached his ears over the roar of his engine.
And, by the way, actually WATERED my FEW remaining irises
I always knew that you would hurt me to death some day, but I hoped to choose the time and place. You’ve always been unconsciously hostile to me and I have tried to conciliate you by hacking away at my love for you, cutting it down to the little thing that was the most you wanted. I am always at a loss when I meet hostility, because I can love and I can do practically nothing else.
50 plus mile an hour winds are predicted for tonight
Yeah yeah
federal immigration officials, and detain people whom they merely
Check your calendars. Today is officially Tempt Caroline with Everything Day. It started during my 1 o’clock class when my teacher made everyone cupcakes. And I love cupcakes. Then, I went to Schnucks and they had SAMPLES of the Lofthouse cookies… Seriously, when are there ever just free cookies sitting out? Especially those melt-in-your-mouth, icing so good cookies. Next, Barnes & Noble had someone from their Starbucks walking around handing out little cups of their Mocha Chip Frappuccinos with whipped cream and chocolate drizzle. Thank you, society, for making my will power stronger.
Boy this one is slow going.
They encourage me
The Sisters eventually realised that their Brother had no intention at all of "... doing the right thing."
With a law like this in place, the number of microbreweries in Texas would SKYROCKET. You could actually stay in business long enough to become a player in the game. Please write your representative about the bill and voice your support. Check out http://texasbeerfreedom.org/ for more information.
How will you prepare your heart for your next church gathering? What can you do in advance to set a reverent and worshipful tone for your family as you prepare to go to church? If someone in your family is usually late and this is creating tension, will you ask God for creative and clear solutions? If that person is you, will you ask God to show you what fruit of the Spirit or attribute of His character you are lacking that is causing you to inconvenience others? Will you ask your pastor if there is any way you could help with preparations for church services? Before church will you look in the mirror and ask: Am I dressed in a manner that is appropriate for my church's culture, or will I possibly cause a distraction, offense, or temptation based on the outfit I have selected to wear to church? Will you change your outfit if necessary so that more focus can be spent on God rather than your outfit, hair style, accessories, or makeup? Are you participating in any distracting activities during church? Texting? Facebook? Surfing the web? Do you need to leave your phone in the car? Will you remember to turn off all notifications and if possible turn it off completely? How can you be more prepared to have a reverent heart during the sermon? Will you come to church prepared to take notes? If you know in advance what subject or passage the sermon will be on, how will you prepare throughout the week to receive that message?
How can we change it if we don’t know about it? How can we make it better if we look away?
Characters:
They prayed both day and night.
Last night, the vomiting got really bad, so they intubated her to get the stuff out. The good thing is that, when they did the gastrointestinal scan, the hernia corrected itself to some degree, and the stomach temporarily popped back into place. So, she's feeling better now, although she still can't eat or drink anything, and she is sort of in and out of consciousness. (My sister says that she looks MUCH better than she did yesterday, though.)
1 cup margarine or butter, softened
Shout random numbers while someone is counting.
We are planning a memorial service for September at Leaming's Run Gardens, one of her favorite spots.
The primer is a small metal cup, with a tiny bit of impact sensitive explosive sandwiched into it in between between a couple pieces of thin metal, shown here:
Homemade Calendula Baby Soap
Hey ya'll,
I was finding myself having one of those black holes of recipe inspiration. It's a viscious cycle sometimes. I can't think of any new ideas for recipes, I panic that I will have nothing for the blog, then that makes it even harder for me to come up with new recipes.
The DTs got to choose a Meljen's Design image for creating our cards and I was excited because I love their digis! My card base and matting is Bazzill card stock, which for the purple matting I used the Martha Stewart "Double Arch" around the page punch. I then colored everything (three copies) with copics, cut out a flower, five bees, and a flower center and pop dotted them to give dimension.
for reading my ramblings
with flash
It was also the day I met my dear Barbara. I would not hate to be stranded with her in a tree, perhaps K-I-S-S-I-N-G.”
autograph landfills
Session two of Carrion Crown continued this week after recapping and comparing of notes among the players. Annie (Grift), the Dan (Darius Carfax St. James), a Dan (Sir Horace Gunderson), Toby (Solis and his eidolon Gia) and Tyler (Alexandros Callimachi) were in attendance.
I also struggle with the app crashing and living in an Internet black hole means I have to wait until I get better signal to pin so I forget, get frustrated or give up!
The picture above was taken a couple of weeks ago. Almost all of our tulips are now gone, but the iris have started to bloom, so we still have color in our yard.
She had almost reached the other end of the road when two men appeared, walking towards her. She went to cross the road to avoid them but they split up and motioned to each other. Her hazel eyes shot wide when she recognised them from the courtyard. She turned to go back the other way.
Nicodemus, one of their members who had come to him earlier, said to them, “Does our law condemn a person before it first hears him and finds out what he is doing?”
Now to get to the exciting bit. I have a book (a gift from a sister with a sense of humor) entitled, “In Your Dreams: The Ultimate Dream Dictionary” by Mary Summer Rain. I intend no offense to Ms. Summer Rain, author of over 20 books, when I write that I laughed like Woody Woodpecker when I opened my birthday package and read the title. But oh, the dividends! Every bad dream, every ominous object, every scenario and detail no matter how mundane with a definable meaning. Sort of.
embossing (dry or heat)
After the birth of her first baby in 1998, Thurman took a rest from major roles to concentrate on motherhood. After a five year hiatus, her role in Tarantino’s Kill Bill relaunched her career. Production was delayed for several months after Thurman became pregnant again, as Tarantino refused to recast the part. The film took nine months to shoot, and was filmed in five different countries. The film series earned Thurman Golden Globe nominations for both entries, and three MTV Movie Awards for Best Female Performance and twice for Best Fight
If only we could find that 'child-like' mind once again. Instead of being bombarded by the world and all its negativity, wouldn't it be nice have 'God in our head?'
I was on such a deep strike that I was also on strike from clashing with authorities, which is something I do on a daily basis.
If independents decide to stay home, Obama could win. They won't. The Tea Party folk have not gone away.
It will be easier when I've completed breastfeeding. It will be easier when Jonah naps predictably. It will be easier when I have energy to make it past 8:00 on a school night. It will be easier when...
On the way back home from the airport I tuned into Radio 2 to discover some brass band murdering Jeff Wayne's War of the Worlds. That tune just wasn't meant to be performed by a brass band - it's simply too fast.
“There,” I speak aloud despite the fact only the driver is listening. It’s not like he can help me do what needs done. He looks at me with a dull expression, expecting his next order. I give it to him. “Back up.”
Interestingly, ginsenosides improve more than energy. A study conducted at the Mayo Clinic reported that people with Cancer who took this powerful antioxidant reported less fatigue and improvement in “mental, physical, spiritual and emotional well-being.” They also reported that they were more “satisfied” with the general course of their treatment – whatever treatment group they were in. Truly, these are powerful antioxidants.
I worked in my bedroom all day and left the dogs both free ranging it because we haven't had any problems, but when I went downstairs in preparation to pick up the kids I found a fairly good-sized pool of pee (THE BOXER), but I wasn't mad instead I felt bad because clearly it was my fault for not paying attention and letting her out...blah blah blah...I proceeded towards the papertowels only to glance into the dining room to see two small pools of pee (PUPPY PEE)...so I am thinking to myself or maybe even talking out loud to the voices in my head, "Dang, they both had to go out! BAD MOMMY!!" So, I headed towards the two smaller pools of pee, but when I got to them I found an entire minefield of pee puddles!!! Some of the pools were bigger (BOXER)some were just barely puddles (PUPPY). WTF??? Thankfully, we have hardwood floors. Needless to say both are in the doghouse today. Figuratively of course! Puppy is now confined to my bedroom with me while kitty is freerange for the first time in 3 weeks. I have switched to a babygate as my newest attempt to continue separating and acclimating the two...and the BOXER? What BOXER?? Just kidding...she's still here too.
1. Santino Marella defeated The Miz to retain the US title 5/10
To quote my Pastor, ” God has placed within each of us a consciousness and awareness of eternity.
That’s where Jay McInerney comes in. His article, “Giving Pinot Grigio Another Go,” (The Wall Street Journal, Aug. 14/15) supported the widespread dislike for the grape, but proved that some perseverance could lead to pleasant iterations of an otherwise disregarded wine.
I should have tried one with a bit more colour in – to me, this photo is missing some reds – but I like the shallow depth of field. Once out in the open again, it was hard to ignore the blue skies (which looked better now we’d changed direction) and the various burgeoning signs of spring.
I want to thank all of you for the supportive comments that you left me. It was tough for me. I took some time to put it into perspective and I walked back into work on Monday confidently with my head up. I am going to chalk it up to looking at the source. I have documented everything and filed it in case I need it for future use. If similar comments are made to me a second time then I would have the basis for a human rights commission complaint.
This time the seafood platters did not have oysters (and oysters in general are no longer seen on the menu), but instead offered a few mussels marinated in what tasted like Italian dressing. The crab legs were much fresher, the shells were actually still firm. The smoked salmon still wasn't anything to write home about, but hey, we were getting essentially one of the platters and a glass of OJ for free with the OpenTable Spotlight deal so we weren't going to complain. Designer took the salmon home to mix with cream cheese for breakfast.
But how do you expect me to live alone with just me?–This is what you have asked me to do–to live as an O and a B (birthmom and birthdad’s names) ALONE. I am an O, and a B, and Stirrett, and a Nagy, just as my daughter is a Nagy and a Norelus–both. Her birthmom’s picture is on our fridge because we acknowledge that she has more than one set of parents.
I have been studying like crazy for my grad classes-- and it's paying off! I've received a 100% on every single assignment! I had my first exam about a week and a half ago, but the grades aren't final yet-- so I'll be anxious to find out how I did!! :)
(9) Canvas paper
The sense of separateness seems to be a quirk of our psychological development. For us, it slowly develops as we move into adolescence, becoming firmly established in our late teens. The ego develops as a structure, creating a sense of ‘inner-ness’ and ‘walling us off’.
Let me be honest . . . Brigham is a fussy baby. Don't worry, we still love him with all of our hearts. But man, it's difficult to handle on 4 or 5 hours of sleep!
If you don’t know where you want to work you’re obviously going to have to search for some options., but you’ll be looking for a needle in a haystack if you go to popular sites like Monster.com and Craigslist. That isn’t to say they won’t have a great job here and there, but you’ll find yourself wading through a lot of undesirable positions just to find the ones you want. Instead of going the traditional route, try an unconventional job site like OneDayOneJob.com, which sends opportunities to your email inbox every day. SimplyHired is a seemingly standard job search, but it aggregates listings directly from company web sites and other locations so you’re not just pulling directly from one big pool. TweetMyJobs will handle the searching for you. Just tell it what kind of job you want and it’ll text, tweet, and email options to you as they’re discovered. Even if you’re several years out of college, you may also want to look at any job listings provided to alumni. Even if overqualified for the jobs being offered, you’ll learn about companies that are friendly to graduates of your school. You can look on the company’s site for more suitable positions and apply for those.
Inks - Basic Gray, Pool Party, and Regal Rose
You and your friends/family will be marvelled by the spectacular sky view of Singapore’s cityscape from your cable car.
For the last two days, the foreign mercenary has become a bogeyman in Bamako. It was late Monday night that Captain Amadou Sanogo, leader of Mali’s CNRDRE military junta, blamed the unrest that had started several hours earlier on foreign mercenaries who had infiltrated the city in the service of ill-intentioned, unidentified Malians. The junta’s statement on ORTM television Tuesday morning repeated these allegations, adding that some foreigners had been captured alongside the Malian paratroopers who had attacked junta strongholds Monday evening.
As to derivation, the similarities between the Cash Call proposals and Have a Go were insufficient to create an inference of copying: the similarities were general and related to features that were commonplace in the TV game-show arena and at a high level of abstraction. After applying the same analysis of the works' similarities, the judge also concluded that Meakin had no real prospect of proving reproduction of a substantial part of his work.
Awrily strewn on and littering those shelves
His prompt reply was waiting in our inbox this morning:
I can't wait to re-decorate! I've got some ideas in mind.
So almost a month ago, something crazy happened. I turned 30. Gulp. For anyone who has been following this blog, you know I was having a bit of an issue turning 30. I had made the conscious decision to not be in town for that birthday. I didn’t know where I wanted to be, but it was not here. About six months ago, I decided that I wanted to turn the big 3-0 in the Big Apple. It is and always has been one of my favorite cities. I wanted Brad to go with me, but he was in the middle of a crazy travel schedule, so he told me to bring my sister. Shh, she was my first choice anyway : )
1/2 small onion, finely chopped
"Daddy and I were watching TV and there was this scene. A dad and his kids were at a diner, and they were with the dad's girlfriend. The kids, a boy and a girl, started fighting and there were these two gigantic strawberry milkshakes on the table. One of the milkshakes got knocked over and the dad got really angry, shot up from the table in a huff, but the girlfriend, she was so calm, grabbed some napkins and said, "Don't be upset. It's just a milkshake," and the dad was so surprised at her response, he looked at her like she was from a different planet. It was like he was thinking, really? I don't need to lose my temper? And he sat back down and no one yelled and no one got upset and they just cleaned it up and the dad sat there, stunned by this whole new universe that opened up before him."
The only downside was our waitress. She was not very experienced (she'd worked there for a month--we asked) but it was more than just not knowing the menu well. She rested her knee on my booth bench as she took our order, failed to bring drink refills, acted put out when we told her we needed ketchup and then still forgot to bring it to the table. She never once smiled or made us feel as if we were valued customers.
Speaking of, tasting party on Saturday for my 30th. I'll be sure to report on it. It's titled "30 Beers for 30 Years". Should be a good time. Both Beer Geeks and non-geeks will be in attendance, so the beer list is vast, some gems, some BMC, and a lot in between. Food, folks, and fermented wort. does it get any better?
I have faith..
Love yourself. Love yourself. Love yourself.
Paper Trimmer
T r a c k L i s t i n g s
Fire’s bigger than flames
Fill the "basket" of baking paper or aluminium foil which is lying on the top of your pastry with the beans, ceramic or other wise, and bake for 25 minutes.
08. Then I Close My Eyes
"We need the E3 region of HSV is an example of the passion for innovation and determination to bring world-class engineering and vehicles," he said.
The difference with teen peer pressure is that we tend to care about peer pressure only from our group. As an adult that means a few very homogenous communities: work, neighbourhood, maybe church. As a teen, that's a school full of different groups, and diverse people.
ShopNBC’s presentation will be broadcast live via audio webcast at 1:10 p.m. and at the same time the presentation will be
-Lots of unusual recipes. Next up on my list to make is Lemon whole-wheat egg bread with nasturtium butter. Any cookbook that finds a use for edible flowers has a special place in my bookshelf (and heart).
“You’ve never had sex before?” She sounded really surprised and I was actually a little offended. So? I’ve never had sex before….it’s not like I had three heads or a mythical penis attached to my groin. I know that that office had seen many teen mothers come through there for ultrasounds. These girls were as young as 14. My being 23 and never experiencing intercourse was kind of like a dog seeing a rainbow.
Having a mobile loyalty program will encourage customers to repeatedly purchase your products and use your services as they’re getting a reward which is a big incentive for them to stick with you instead of going to competitors. You can then reward your loyal customers by sending them promotional texts about special offers relating specifically to them by sending them a customised deal. You could also send this type of text if your customer hasn’t used your products/services in a while to remind them that you’re still there, keeping you in your customers mind.
Welp, I took the SAT this morning and I feel pretty good about it...well, most of it at least. Thank you all for your tips, they really helped me out! :) Now I just have my finals Wednesday and my summer will finally begin! I say this every year, but my summer plans are to lock myself in my room and sew all day! What are your summer plans? I want to hear them!
Humph. How mean is that?
“Breaking Open is a weekly group where students come together to look at scripture for upcoming Sunday and share in fellowship with one another,” Visser said.
"Advertisements which suggested gay people could be cured have been banned from London buses, UK transport chiefs say.
I like the way they use technology. This includes a really cool, hi-tech Jumbotron-type screen with a real-time view in the Overture Center’s Playhouse of the keyboard as two pianists (below, Randall Hogkinson in the striped blue shirt and Jeffrey Sykes in the solid blue shirt) played Samuel Barber’s souvenirs.
"Scott Nicholson explores the dark legends of the southern end of the Appalachian mountain chain, a nightmare country that ends in Stephen King's yard."-- Sharyn McCrumb, author of The Ballad novels
The submission was in bad shape in terms of its physical condition and its content. Granted, evaluating manuscripts is somewhat subjective, but there was nothing about this work someone might have valued. Specifically, it was so full of grammatical errors that it read like a bad translation. Also, there were some simple flaws in the manuscript (unintentional tense and P.O.V. shifts) that BB ought to have asked the writer to fix before submitting.
On top of this my new business cards finally arrived! With them came yet another chance for those new to Moo to save.
It took me an hour to figure out
Banteay Kdei means “A Citadel of Chambers” which is also known as “Citadel of Monks’. Banteay Kdei was built from middle of the 12th century to early 13th century. This temple conforms to the style of the Ta Prohm and Preah Khan temples but of a smaller size. It was built as a Buddhist monastic complex.
These are the numbers that truly matter. And another number that matters is ONE. When speaking in terms of millions and billions, it can be easy to forget that EACH animal is an individual being who feels fear, pain, loss, terror and who COULD feel happiness, comfort, belonging, safety and love if given a chance to live his or her life. EACH animal has his or her ONE life, ONE chance at that life, just as EACH of us has our ONE life. How can that life be discounted for merely a few bites of food or a pair of shoes?
“You are springtime,” he said to me.
But I wonder if he knew that it was but the truth he spoke?
So now we wait. We have been incredibly blessed by the generosity of so many people, allowing us to feel as prepared as possible for the babies' arrival. We have been reminded deeply of God's amazing provision as supplies, gear, clothing, and more have poured into our home at the hands of loving friends, family, and church congregations. We are thoroughly outfitted not only with the things that we absolutely needed, but items that we simply wanted to have as well. Local friends here in Pittsburgh have provided us with company, helped with errands, and even lent a hand with household chores. Last week, my college roommate, Joy, came in from Chicago to stay with us. Not only did she give Josh a welcome break from cooking and cleaning so that he could get some much-needed work done at the office, but she kept me company at the house, helped me run errands, and drove me to multiple doctors appointments. This week my mom is here, washing and organizing baby clothes, doing more cooking and cleaning, and helping us get some final things in order. Thank you ALL for your love and support as we make this transition. More than anything else, we appreciate all of the prayers on our behalf and on behalf of the twins. We truly look forward to telling them how incredibly loved they have been, even well before their births. This week, we would love prayers for the following:
You never think it will be you - but eventually it is.
For Marisa’s bridal shower, I wanted to take advantage of Savannah’s beauty. Forsyth Park, famous for its gorgeous moss-draped oaks and iconic fountain, seemed like the perfect location. I also liked the idea of a picnic because it would be casual and we wouldn’t be locked into a tight schedule with a restaurant reservation or feel rushed through a sit-down lunch (with a bill at the end). I think hosting a shower at someone’s house is always the best option because it’s more personal, but for a destination weekend this seemed like a great solution for creating a similar atmosphere. I asked girls who were driving up to bring camping chairs, blankets and folding tables. I had trouble finding a map of Forsyth Park to stake out a spot beforehand, but after a quick drive around the perimeter we settled somewhere near the middle of the park. We had views of the fountain and were under the trees, just like I wanted. The north park of the park has open fields and is less picturesque.
-Inception
In the United States, approximately six out of ten agricultural workers are undocumented immigrants. In addition, approximately 4 million undocumented women are currently living in the US.[1] While most Americans benefit from their labors every day, they remain invisible. As women, they are especially vulnerable due to a lack of formal education and the common need of providing for dependent children.[2] While undocumented workers are protected by many US labor laws, enforcement of these laws is severely weak. If there were enforcement, women would still probably not report many of abuses they suffer out of fear of deportation or losing their job.[3] Their lives and labor are simply disposable goods in service to dehumanizing global economic systems that enrich the few at the expense of the many.[4]
some things leave me heart heavy..
There are some pretty mean-spirited fans of this game, and they infiltrate every fan base. The Vol Nation are not without them. And that faction of our own little football world will likely not forget that what they perceive, and they will not forgive Arian Foster for things that these people perceive as an affront to themselves. In the fourth quarter this afternoon, as Arian Foster salted away the Houston Texan’s first-ever NFL playoff victory with a 42-yard tight-roping tackle-busting touchdown run against the Cincinnati Bengals, I couldn’t help but think about his days as a Vol, when he was widely treated in a way that his detractors would not themselves like to be treated.
16. Secret Door
A sky I’ve flown, a street I ran
On the surface, a discussion of the historical significance of national health care seems innocuous. When something that has never happened before happens, it can certainly be described as "historic." However, when a Marxist mentions anything regarding history, it has a different connotation altogether.
Or business.
I had roast pork this time around and Mr had the vegetarian wellington. The pork was quite huge, with all the requisite veggies and extra crackling! The veggie wellington was nicely thought out- with a big mushroom inside, greens and other veggies, with a mustardy mushroom sauce and greens. We shared a sticky toffee pudding (to which the neighbouring table all exclaimed 'wow' when it arrived, I think they ordered one too).
Oh my heart just breaks writing these words and I can't help crying. They had NO money and I think the older boy was trying to buy food for them. Why didn't I open my judgemental heart and truly SEE?
2. Shailene Woodley, The Descendants – A big bias of the Academy is against younger people. Shailene Woodley was phenomenal in The Descendants and a girl with troubled relationship with her mother who is now going to die. That’s a lot of shit to negotiate and Woodley does in the way you’d expect a smart, capable, but kind of fucked-up girl to.
The keepers, according to the narrator, were merely fulfilling the same role as the herd would play in the wild. They were a trusted, loving circle for this mother elephant, and they took care of the steadying of the new life and the introduction of baby to mother, just as her herd members would have done on the African savannah.
available at www.carolsdaughter.com
Drop spoonfuls of dough into the chicken stock.
I am adding this little pooch to my blog as I had forgotten all about him.
Not only Rafael Nadal has an Uncle Tony. When I was growing up in South Africa, my best friend Marianna’s father, also one of my parents’ closest friends, was Uncle Tony (very common back then to call parents’ friends “uncle” or “aunty”). I have the strongest memories of hanging out in their kitchen with Marianna, while Uncle Tony nursed a massive pot of pasta sauce made from fresh tomatoes, which had sun ripened on their kitchen window sill. He would let the sauce to simmer for hours, walking past it every now and again to give it a loving stir and a taste.
Oh, and I have to add this: Chris, go and start your own blog!!! We miss you in the blogosphere!
Once a child reaches adolescence, though, the parents are no longer the primary influence. Number one becomes peers, and number two becomes the media (and in saying the media, that means movies, television, music, internet, etc.) There is no “this is right and that is wrong,” there is simply, “if I do this will my peers think it’s cool,” or, “if I don’t do that, will my peers mock me.”
Translatation: Rogier Creemers
Coriander leaves – for taste
With gaming in particular, I’m also pretty hesitant as to seeing this as a good thing. With all the AAA titles pushing and pushing in the graphics department, we have really seen things like gameplay and story suffer for it. After all, all the new games we get out in recent years have basically been “set pieces”, where you go from place to place admiring the hard work and amazing graphics without really playing the game; the Call of Duty and Final Fantasy (the recent ones) franchises are two notable examples of this. This is also causing a big problem in the industry, where making games is becoming too expensive. I am still fiercely against the $60 price tag, but I understand that this is not going away as long as games cost so much and take so much time to make. The problem with this is that because of the enormous price tag, it is getting too difficult to push the envelope, due to the costs and the risk (loss) that comes when the game bombs. That is why we are getting so much of the same game-wise recently.
"I'm drunk. I deserve to have fun," I said to myself.
Thanks for playing along. I'll let you play us out. Feel free to plug away.
Method two: Finding a Critique Group.
about priority of sources?
For your hairstyle trial it’s important to bring any hair accessories you are planning on wearing -- tiara, headband, hairpins. You can also bring your veil to see how that will look. But make sure to have it pressed after the trial so it’s not wrinkled for the wedding. You may also want to wear a top that has a similar neckline to your wedding dress’ so you can see what the style will look like in a bodice of the same cut.
reality is dependent on the current valid premisses & definitions defined by the participants in the reality
Chris Miser
Effective Teamwork in the Workplace
Juan, the fact is that more people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any President in American history. I know among the politically correct you are not supposed to use facts that are uncomfortable. Second, you are the one who earlier raised the key point. The area that ought to be I-73 was called by Barack Obama “a corridor of shame” because of unemployment. Has it improved in three years? No. They haven’t built a road, they haven’t helped the people, they haven’t done anything.
Dylan has had a 50 year long recording career, which is pretty remarkable all by itself, but I doubt that he ever expected this honor.
But before he got a chance to speak at a hearing Wednesday, Marko said, a prosecutor acknowledged the problem and Chabot ordered that the issue be corrected.
A PAPER CLIP is to remind you that you have all the tools to hold it together.
Love and blessings to all of you my friends!
Check out the Steet View image below and you can see how easily an unhip Tourist could be fooled – but now I have local knowledge…
Health is good, we must remind you
enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
Snack Snacky snack snacks.
Love is big.
So 2012 is off to a good start. Life is looking up.
Sometimes we even do it with our clothes on (I don't know what that means, but it seemed funny.)
Holiday Affair by Annie Seaton
Loved?
I still struggled for months. At the end of August I had received a job offer with a more generous salary and compensation package, and I agonized over that decision for days before rejecting it. Despite the passing of 5 months and still feeling a sense of being blindfolded while working, I didn't feel right in giving up and moving on again to the perception of another greener pasture. This situation would either improve or I would figure out a way to adapt.
And I’m left to wake to get another grey glare
“But boss Griffin refused to accept the sleazeball’s resignation.
CAPE COD WASTEWATER GOVERNANCE WORKSHOP – Thursday, May 10th – 9:00 AM – 4:30 PM – “Rowing in the Same Direction: Coming Together to Restore Cape Cod Coastal Waters in New Ways”
Next, this video that my friend Jesse showed me yesterday. The more you watch it, the more you need to keep watching. You're going to think it's dumb at first, but then you're going to need to watch it again. You've been warned.
CONSERVATIVE: pasty pasty pasty busy pasty pasty pasty. Prime MInisterial diary pasty pasty how expected to pasty pasty pasty
* Male / Female
All these liberal freedom fighters: you cannot threaten or steel respect. Respect is something you have to earn. So how about learn to have respect towards your own self. That will be a good start.
I hope you can find the time to join us this week at the ColourQ. Be sure to stop by and get some inspiration. The girls have been busy and they have created some amazing cards and scrapbook pages.
But what I really want to get at, is the act of a person wrapping himself or herself inside all these notions and preconceptions, in the first place. They do it as a source of security, they want to step out into the world firmly rooted in who they have preconceived themselves to be. They call it a strong sense of self, but this is not how a strong sense of self is truly gained; this is only how fake castles are built! They carry around their castles of sand and hold these castles in front of them, presenting them to the world, holding them up in front of their faces, but what happens when all that sand comes tumbling down?
By allowing elevated expectations to preempt your experiences, you limit the amount of positive outcomes. If you always manage expectations, you will have more new and exciting experiences, and be pleasantly surprised at how often you are pleasantly surprised.
6-8 tin foil sheets, crumpled into balls, about 2-3" in diameter
What do you call candles that have been crafted with passion and perfection by the same family for five generations and more than 140 years? What do you call candles that use the purest beeswax, an all-natural color palette and sophisticated, essential oil fragrances? What do you call candles that are consistently flawless, cleaner burning, longer lasting and elegantly designed? What do you call the best candle in America, made in America? If you call them Root Candles… you’d be right.
1 cheeks
“I do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; and that I will obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to regulations and the uniform code of military justice. So help me God.”
Your number this month - 29
The ABSD has dissuaded foreign buyers, but it’s channelled demand into the rental market. Foreigners are now pushing rental income to new heights, and that’s led to property speculation (shoebox flats anyone?) Likewise, the cash over valuation (COV) of resale flats is now less realistic than Transformers 2.
She bounded down stairs and out of the house. She headed towards the apple tree .She looked around at her branches then knelt down on the ground to see if he left a trap but she didn’t find any .She dug into the ground to make sure he didn’t hide any. When she got on her feet something attracted her attention, some scratches on the apple tree ,she could figure out her cat’s name. He’s recording the names of his victims .She picked up a stone from the ground and started erasing violently his scratches.
The big bamboo piece in the middle was my final project for my Drawing I class in college. It is my most favorite thing I have done, so I was proud to have it front and center in the gallery wall. Love how the bamboo ties in so nicely with the Chiang Mai pillows...so chinoiserie chic!
In the air
Click the ‘Startup’ tab to view your current startup programs. From this menu you can check and uncheck which startup programs you want to enable and disable. In the above example, I can tell that I can turn off Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Reader, QuickTime, KACE, Quick Finder, and the items from McAfee, Inc. by unchecking the box to the left without affecting the essential functions of my Operating System.
So far no other team have gone for low wide cooling outlets, but equally contrary to the rumour mils no teams has adopted front exit exhausts either. It will be interesting if any team follows Renaults solution in either of these areas.
The pressure seemed to start subsiding at the end of my work day. It's not completely gone but, on the ride home, I thought about how what I experienced today was just a more intense version of what I seem to have been experiencing for a week or so - only in the afternoons at work, if I recall correctly.
And finally, in our master bedroom we created artwork made from our children's birth dates. Also extremely inexpensive and yet priceless. I simply printed out the dates on the computer.
And now we have things like this:
Look to the big coal dipper
With variable winds (aka not south), the longshore flight grinds down to a trickle. This trickle, however, can’t be ignored when it’s May. Too many migrant possibilities exist that draw the counters to the dune top. Statistically for the dunes (per Ken Brock), the peak of warbler migration is May 13. Today is the statistical peak for White-crowned Sparrows. Blue-headed Vireos peaked yesterday, and Lincoln Sparrows will peak by Friday. All statistically of course.
The witness testimony is usually taken outside court, in the offices of one of the attorneys or the court reporter.
Did you need your husband to be supportive? Were you barely keeping your head above water, barely taking care of that newborn cause you kept thinking it wasn't yours and the "real" parents were going to show up and take it away any moment now? And you would look up at your husband like that cat from Shrek 2, who now has his own "Puss 'N Boots" Movie, with those big, round, dark eyes, that just pleaded "Help Me?"..."Please?"
The flatback pearls and the ribbon and lace are from HobbyVision. Ladies thanks again for your visit and see you next time! I'm off going to sit in the garden. It is a staggering 29° C overhere in Holland and temperatures are still climbing! And thinking of Saturday when it was only 15° C in Holland! Crazy weather.
for a moment i thought that may started tomorrow.
Conceive Him then as saying: “Gird yourselves with love towards one another, O My disciples; for ye ought indeed yourselves also to devise and do towards one another, and perform with an eager zeal, those things which I have first accomplished towards you. For I chose you, and it is not you that have chosen Me. I drew you to Myself and made Myself known to those who knew Me not through My exceeding kindness, and I brought you into a steadfast opinion so as to lead you up, that |409 is, to confer on you the ability to reach forward to what is greater, and to bear fruit unto God. Attain therefore to the complete confidence that whatsoever ye shall ask in My name ye shall receive. Since, therefore, ye follow in the track of My words and ministry, and have the mind which My true disciples ought to be endued with, it follows that ye ought not by your own tarrying to throw obstacles in the way of him who of his will seeks the faith and is self-called to a life of piety; but that you should rather attach yourselves as guides to those who are still ignorant and astray, and bring to those who do not yet prefer to learn it the Gospel of salvation, and eagerly exhort them to attain unto the true knowledge of God, even though the mind of your hearers be hardened into disobedience. For thus they would be in your condition, that is, they will advance and will return by gradual growth in what is better to fruit-bearing in God, so as to have the fruit that ever remains and is preserved and that most acceptable object of prayer, the bestowal of whatsoever they wish, if only they ask in My name.“
Anyhoo, I'm sure I'll be making Tom a to-do list very soon that includes taking charge of his health. I do so love a project. :)
Liptak doesn't discuss the regional economics of the prison systems, the small towns abutting massive penitentiaries, and the parasitic nature of such relationships. It means wholesome small towns like Boydton are dependent on the mass misery of others, and the perpetuation of that system of misery.
How would YOU handle this? Would you bait the suspect so you can catch 'em red handed, therefore being justified in banning them from your home forever and ever, Amen? Or would you just assume that whoever it is must be pretty desperate and write it off as charity?
bigger.
So get to it. I’m too lazy and already a member of too many forums, so I’m not joining the ones over at NBI. But yes, you should start a blog. And there is really only one piece of advice you need. Write steadily, somewhere between 1 and 3 times a week. Do it for a year, and people will find you. Do it for two years, and people will recognize you. Do it for three years, and you’ll be a veteran like most of the people on those forums giving advice.
in January’s
so maybe i’ll go outside, because
The wicked and eerie works of Moses Jaen......
I made it! The last week of my first year at S* school is coming to it's end. I am amazed I made it this far considering how difficult it was at the beginning. Also I am impressed at how much my students have advanced and grown. Now I get to see them continue to grow in the 2nd grade.
Me.... "It's OK son we aren't here to talk about anything bad only the good."
Every time she gets on that bus I can't help but think back to when she was Nora's age. Sniff Sniff. And now my baby is riding the bus. At least this year, anyway.
Remember when CFL’s were rolled out? The big thing wasn’t the low energy use, it was the lifetime. But the strange thing is, I’ve replaced loads of them in the past few years. The promises of long life are now being rolled back. I heard a news piece on NPR recently saying that CFLs actually don’t like being turned on and then turned off. Apparently to get the long life you have to leave them on. Or leave them off.
Annika, refreshingly, fares mostly better. Certainly, she’s as slinky and sexy as any Bond girl (Lustbader weirdly starts describing her “mineral eyes” at some point), but she’s also competent. Interestingly, Lustbader’s stilted dialogue actually works for the Russian and Ukrainian characters, since English isn’t their first language. (However, no two grown Russian men are going to use the word “frenemies” unironically. Ever.) As far as the supporting cast goes, I particularly liked Annika’s Dyadya Gourdjiev–her uncle–a genteel and jovial gentleman who is not all that he seems. The supporting cast is actually very well-done, since Lustbader can’t randomly toss out their backstories at the reader. He does, however, manage to give two disposable assassin backstories. You have to admire that sort of tenacity.
not a florist or flower market anywhere
For a long while now I have been planning to make cushion covers for my cushion in the living room.
Ever year the Girls from Neptune doll club do a Christmas Swap this year Stephanie picked up tiny Bear kits from AC moore .I think they were all of a buck fifty
This being my first marathon, every long run I did (beyond 13 miles) was the longest I had ever run. I did an ice bath after every single one and I was never sore, not once. Prior to marathon training, I only ever felt like I needed to ice my joints. But marathon runs were fatiguing my hips, my calves, my quads / hamstrings, AND all my joints. Not to mention… my feet were KILLING me after long runs. At one point I was actually a little concerned about getting a stress fracture, but that’s a story for another day. Anyways, I digress. Ice baths were the perfect solution to icing down my entire lower half, and allowing me to train for the entire marathon with no soreness. In fact, I took an ice bath after the marathon and I was only moderately sore for one day after. I woke up on Monday morning with nothing… a miracle!
3. There was boot washed up on shore. How often does that happen?! If I had gone fishing last week there’s a chance that I could have caught it. I think that would have been quite exciting. Perhaps I’m the only one, but when something from a cartoon happens in real life, I find it incredibly exciting.
From the kitchen of The Huthers
9/18 – Austin – Jesse Dayton @ The Broken Spoke & Rhett Miller @ Threadgills
10. Hercules- This was on every morning at 6:30am before I went to school
The papers are all from a gorgeous Basic Grey collection called 'Kissing Booth' - love those papers.
Last few weeks ago, while my family and I having
Roasting really is one of the best ways to cook these vegetables. Because of their high carbohydrate content, the starches which act as energy storage units for the plant, undergo caramelization as they are cooked, turning them into sweet, crispy goodness.
Orange like Jack-O-lanterns bright
As I am finding this move to Perth as a new chapter in my life and lots of new beginnings, I think my home should also reflect this.
Their golden goblets magically were filled
I wonder how he will cope. How Karen and I as parents will help him through.
5.down the hatch
6) They only allow 6 articles of clothing at a time in the fitting room, so the associate working the fitting room will place the rest of your selections on a rack. Make sure to keep an eye on the rack and switch out your "no's" as you go. (One heartbreaking year, the store associates had taken my additional items that I wanted to try on and accidentally started to redisplay them in the store... and we all know how long it takes to go through the big, busting-at-the-seams store).
I looked at the clock again. It was 5.45 am, but that was fine. Breakfast would be served until 11. I could sleep for another four hours. But then I heard drums, announcements made through a tannoy, cars honking. I had fallen back asleep and in the haze of coming around what I first thought of were the stories of the Khmer Rouge marching into Phnom Penh back in the Seventies at the beginning of Pol Pot's terrible reign. It had started with early morning drumming, tannoy announcements, marching. I looked at the clock. It was 7.30. My God -- my first day in Cambodia and I was waking to a new revolution. Could it be?
Hot ashes for trees?
And finally, I was really looking forward to hanging these two prints in our entryway above the coatrack, but I didn't have the necessary hardware to do so (it would have been too hard using the wire and trying to get them exactly lined up to each other... we'd probably have 40 holes in the wall trying to get it right). So tomorrow after work I'll have to stop by Home Depot to grab some picture frame hooks. But I snapped shots of them anyway:
STARRING: Tom Cruise, Russell Brand, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Alec Baldwin, Julianne Hough, Paul Giamatti, Mary J. Blige, Malin Akerman, Diego Boneta
I have one at work tucked out of sight. I sit in a line of partially-divided, open-on-one-side cubicles, so my desk is at most 8-10 feet from the guy who sits across from me (as you can kind of see in the picture). Then there are two coworkers on either side of me (separated by those 5 ft high cube dividers), and then another coworker kiddie-corner from me.
never got in the race
Said Lukashenko of Cuba: “For Your numerous supporters all over the world, you are an ever spectacular example of passionate service to fatherland, to the cause of freedom and independence.”
when she made it but didn't really think I will be the one to get the card since I was the one who suggested the theme and I am the one who has swing in the 'name'=) It would be too much of a coincidence but coincidences happen in life and I won:D Yay! So I now got that swing to hang in my room;)
PS. I secretly ran one of these on a pic of Nick, and I was less than pleased with the results.
The silence of Christ can often be a test as it was for the Woman of Canaan, a test of faith:
But the bacterial flagellum couldn’t have made a series of tiny changes, because many of those changes would not help a living thing out. The propeller (which looks like a rat’s tail) would have just sat there until it worked. That would mean many bacteria would have had to keep the propeller mutation before it served any purpose. But evolution can’t plan for purpose.
The pokiness, the untidiness, and the absence of any aesthetic value only seemed to intensify my desire.. Thre was nothing there to inhibit me, by reminding me of my life and the world. It was as though I became someone else in that room, an object in Ivona's chaotic collection of treasured and neglected knickknacks.
We were moulded into various poses by the pedantic photographer who cocked our heads awkwardly and positioned our hands just-so, sometimes sitting, sometimes standing, sometimes holding urns or each other. It didn’t matter that I
In trying to revise certain aspects (mostly, the costumes) of Newar Charya Nrtya, I have noticed the same principle applies for the dance that works when observing and learning from Buddhist art.
I once had a case where the wife was always self-employed. She never contributed to social security. Her first marriage was to a man who had been married twice before. He was older and already collecting social security. She was a much younger wife, but approaching her mid 50′s. When her divorce process started she had been married almost 9 years. The divorce took right at a year. I informed her about the 10 year requirement, but she either wouldn’t listen or didn’t believe me. She was not going to receive any alimony so her biggest benefit would be qualifying to receive half of his social security when she reached her full benefit age. The attorney finalized the divorce at 9 years and 11 months. The client never told the attorney, the attorney was unaware of the 10 year qualifying rule. A year later I ran into the former client and she told me that I was right and that she should have listened to me. She said at the time she didn’t realize the impact it would make. Now she is back to where she was, no reported income and now not enough time to build up her own benefits.
He's gone! A yawning gulf's been built
And, if you saw my DIY play kitchen and said, "Tanya! I don't have time to make a flippin' play kitchen but now I don't want a cheap, plastic one either," I have a cute BIY (buy-it-yourself) option from Costco. This set is $189.99. I'm still pretty excited mine was less than $35.00, but this is two pieces and darn, is it cute.
Like Pixie, I don’t read a book close to the release of the movie. If I do, I spend the whole time comparing the movie to the book and I have found I don’t enjoy the movie as much when I do that. I have a terrible memory, so by the time we went to the midnight showing of The Hunger Games, I pretty much only remembered a few of the characters and the basic plot. Seriously, my memory is that bad.
I love language. I love writing. I love exploring. So I suppose picking one word a year and exploring it to the maximum is something that is inevitable in my life.
Black Marker
Popcorn popping on the Apricot Tree... My little grand daughter said it looks like popcorn but not to eat and I told her... later on in the summer we will be eating what is on those trees...
J M Coetzee, Summertime, Random House, Harvill Secker
Of course I didn't follow it exactly--I kind of changed things and didn't exactly follow the instructions and kept having to adjust it for length and fit and had to keep dicking around with the latter because I'd never sewn knitted fabric before and it kept
Carrot fingers. That is all.
16 m
–SW
light inside my heart.
This works great for NiMH batteries.They’ll retain 9/10 of a full charge while stored in the fridge.At room temperature,there is a possibility that they’d keep only a fraction of that fraction.Alkaline batteries are a bit more controversial.Studies have shown that alkaline battery life is extended by only 5% if kept in the fridge.That’s not a whole lot,but if you live in a hot climate,your batteries may actually deplete because of it,making the alkaline-battery-in-the-fridge idea a worthwhile one.If you live in Alaska,your batteries are probably all right sitting in a drawer in the pantry.
My son has high functioning autism, and I worry about his future to the point of obsession. Now, of course I worry about my younger daughter and son. I want them to be happy and successful adults, too, but with Danny, I'm really scared. Scared that he might turn to drugs to deal with his social struggles or in order to fit in. Scared he may someday battle depression because he is so different and -everything--everything!-- seems to be a bigger struggle for him.
What’s wrong with it? Bloodthirsty fans eager to see the novels graphic death scenes on the big screen will be left slightly disappointed as these were toned down in order to make the film appropriate for younger fans. For those planning on seeing the film, order just a regular sized coke as the film is remarkably long and you won’t want to miss a minute!
Mark Gillan, Chief Operations Engineer: We had an extremely busy second day with Bruno completing almost our entire scheduled test programme. We evaluated a detailed aero and mechanical test matrix and have learnt a great deal. The forecast for tomorrow looks fine and we are looking forward to another productive day.
“What’s wrong?” they ask,
CC is halfway through Academy. Well, almost. 12 weeks left (halfway would be the end of 11, but the 11th week starts this week, so it feels better to say it's already over.)
Sleuthfest is coming up next week, and I’ll be joining Heather Graham, Diane Gilbert Madsen and James R. Benn for a panel discussion led by Philip Cioffari. We’ll talk about different mystery genres and I’m to represent cozies. Already I feel a bit of an impostor because my books tend to span several genres. Publisher’s Weekly called them cozy/thriller hybrids, and I think that’s a fair assessment.
Buona notte
Once he had them sufficantly subdued he moved on to stage two, the funeral bell. It was something they used in the victorian era to alert cartakers when someone had been accidently buried alive.
The way they do, so’s they would get the early mornin’ sun;
In the past, researchers conducted extensive investigations of psychedelics or hallucinogens in the 1950s and 1960s. But political and cultural pressures forced the termination of all projects by the early 1970’s.
Do you see hell or heaven?
NAUGHTY INCARNATION #1
Then, tying everything together, I came up with this mood board to see how the room would look with the wall color, Behr's "Lime Light":
It seems the dance is reinstated. For those who give their whole life to immerse themselves in the ocean of His words, they live in another world and are creating a new attractor for the dance, a new way of being. For those who are fishing from that ocean, not convinced that they can live within, new products and forms are brought forth. Those who wander on the beach head notice the remnants of recent generations of effort, wasted in the sand, and are inspired. And those who spend their days eking an existence from a briny wastewater, hear only rumours of a seemingly mythological paradise, and ignore them.
Infertility helped to make me the parent I am today and in a warped kind of way I am so eternally grateful for that.
When I heard this story, I thought how sad it is that in America, which is known throughout the world for freedom, we are restricted from religious festivities in public places, and how much I would love to see such a beautiful event in my own country.
The more jaded among them will imagine her naked.
(7) Zacheriah Smith Jr.
which I love
Of course I could have had the standard bifocal, but it would be readily apparent to anyone looking at me that I was wearing two lenses. Is it vanity that made me go for the progressive lens? Hmm... quite possibly so.
How long will the wicked, O LORD,
Well… this past weekend we did some wholesale grocery shopping and I ended up coming home with a bag of almost 20 heads of garlic. Of course I immediately had to turn the majority of them into the roasted garlic paste and then store the rest for every day use.
All tracks: by Round House.
So..... I awoke very early yesterday and was thinking about these shoes. I remembered I had these old mossy green canvas slip-ons that I've hardly ever worn, but have had forever. I almost got rid of them this week while on a clean-out, take no hostages, kind of spree.
And a few more, all of them within "a pittance" budget. I like the middle one. But I'd be happy with the last one too.
Obscenity, indecency and lewdness are quite common in today’s media-television shows, news, soaps, popular songs, movies, magazines,books, Facebook, and the internet in general. It probably does not shock us that much because we are ‘oh so modern’ and are not narrow minded like those restrained Victorians! Its also kind of ‘cool’ to be indecent at times in today’s world. Bollywood movies will teach all the Indian guys how to woo a girl by eve teasing her or worse even by raping her. However, even today, we do sometimes get outraged by shameless displays of obscenity and well mostly its the Censor Board that gets outraged which then displays its own obscene power to chop down obscenity to protect the people from getting outraged too!
Hi ya, all! If you are still with me, I am sharing a card featuring a super cute image that will be release on Tuesday, April 17th by Purple Onion Designs.
1 worried
For those of you familiar with software development, we were in the final stage of a major release. For those not familiar, software development tends to be cyclical, and at the end of a release cycle, things get insanely busy. That's when everything has to be tested completely, all bugs fixed and retested, all the help completed, all the code finalized and packaged and ready to be deployed. It's hectic. Some releases more than others. This one was a crazy one.
With that bit of eye candy, you’ll surely want to see the design team's cards and creations in full color when you take a trip over to their blogs!
‘Kelly, do you think that woman with high muscular torsos can retain their femininity given the modern approval of the larger mammary?’
Right now, I am enjoying a 5-day weekend. I took Thursday and Friday off and tomorrow is a national holiday for Easter. I have been on somewhat of a cleaning spree, making The Boyfriend a little nervous to be around me. I cleaned the house top to bottom, cleared out my book case and dvd collection, and tidied up the balcony.
On the subject – The Worthington's name - rejuvenated over recent years courtesy of the now legendary 'White Shield' is part if the Molson Coors stable these days. One benefit of having big corporate parents is that you get shiny new toys to play with, such as the purpose built 'William Worthington's Brewery' - a recently constructed state-of-the-art facility.
So what's in store for May? I'll be back at the I Heart Market this month after a brief reprieve. Come and visit me on Saturday, the 5th May. Then I have another Gift Wrap Course running on Saturday, 12th May and I have a Teambuilding Gift Wrap Course with Investec on the 18th May. So much to look forward to!
5. David Comes To Life
Visited the last day of the Gainsborough Landscapes exhibition at the Holburne Museum last weekend. A small but very interesting exhibition, surveying Gainsborough’s landscape output, his antidote to the drudgery of portrait painting.
I respect Sandberg. And I respect my female mentor. But they are both golden children. Both had sponsors. I’ve seen many more women without sponsors who have not succeeded. Who get a “rep” from one group of boys and couldn’t shake it. Management chose to believe the gossipy sensations of a bunch of insecure young men over trusting the woman’s actual work output. And it’s not just women, right? If you don’t fit into whatever your cool club is at work you’re left out. And having these confident golden children tell us we’re just being too negative or as Sandberg puts it “slowing down” shows they don’t understand how lucky they’ve had it. That not everyone else will walk the same path.
(*Note: While I do contribute interior design posts to other aforementioned industry entities, my trip to the High Point Market was sponsored by moi, so no favors are being called upon for my own blog.)
Halli
MH: Will we get to learn more about Giant culture in Crown Thief? Speaking of which where does the story go from Giant Thief?
I think I made it thirty seconds into the call before I started blubbering.
Give us this day our daily bread; Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from the evil one
Am I dour? What does ‘dour’ even mean. Stern? Laconic? (Surely not?) Awkward? Or is dour a part I play when I’m online to entertain the troops? That I do it so well suggests that there might be some truth to the rumour – and I throw my hand up right now and admit to being a grumpy pig at times especially when tired – but I’m not so sure I am actually dour. Dour is not a switch or if it is it’s more like a dimmer switch than an on/off switch. Would a dour bugger stick on The Best... Album in the World...Ever! and crank up the volume while he cleaned the flat in preparation for his wife’s return from the States?
I saw "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" on Friday night with my friend Julie.. It was soo good!! I hadn't read any of the books but I'm definitely going to do so now.
You know what …
ja som blomst
When I was offered the job at the Beverage Company I was told, "And the day starts at 7am." I began laughing because it sounded absurd. Crazy Eddie started laughing too and added, "Sometimes earlier!!"
"I ate everything that was available. In fact, we had a take-out food-fest," Mrs. Obama said about the First Family's visit to Chicago over Memorial Day weekend.
I’m glad I wasn’t one of the judges; I know I could not have picked a winner.
Even though the Lakers won without Kobe Bryant today, you have to expect that once Kobe comes back, the rest of the Lakers will go back to watching Kobe take on 5 defenders. Kobe Bryant is one of the greatest basketball players to ever play the game but he needs to realize that the Lakers have a lot of help for him. He should let the Laker bigs dominate the game for 3 and a half quarters and then take over in the last 6 minutes of each game. Now that Derek Fisher is gone, it is very important for Kobe to be a vocal leader. He has some very talented young players on the team and it will be his job to make sure everyone is focused on the same goal.
Yes, you are not mistaken: that was the word ‘drum-beat’, as in ‘drum-beat to war‘, used in a positive way, by a news host.
But the spirit of the tallest hilltop
...have champagne taste but a beer budget. I'd like to think I make it work. (Did you catch the Tim Gunn reference? That goes back to my enjoyment of reality TV).
Walters said it was imperative the SASSA database was cross-checked on a regular basis against both the PERSAL system, which is used for human resource transactions and the payment of salaries in the public service, and the population register of the Department of Home Affairs, which should indicate whether or not a specific individual is deceased.
After lunch (thanks Dick) at a hotdog hotspot in downtown Montgomery, we made a quick stop in a cemetery to see the grave of Hank Williams Sr. Many of Judie’s relatives are also buried in this cemetery, and they wanted to check on the planting of two trees that they had recently made at the gravesites. I’m familiar with many of Hank Williams’ songs, but didn’t realize that he died at the young age of 30. He has a peaceful resting place.
We're putting together details of our upcoming trip to Ogunquit, Maine, at the end of April. We'll be staying in a B&B in Ogunquit and then visiting our friends Wil and Fritz for a couple of nights. We're also working on details for Bear Week in Provincetown in July.....year four! And I see a road trip maybe next week to Boise for just me and Mason....to see the parents and sister. And maybe help sis get a new laptop up and running. We saw The Descendents last night. Great movie. I had no clue what it was about or even who was in it. That's the third Academy Award nominee that we've seen -- in addition to The Help and The Iron Lady. Sounds like all movies have to begin with the word "The" nowadays.
From a standpoint of reaching out to parents, then, Brodhead has every reason to concede that mistakes were made last spring—not to seek scapegoats, to challenge tenure, or to fire people, as was done to former lacrosse coach Mike Pressler. But to reassure prospective Duke parents that the administration is taking positive steps to ensure that every arts and sciences professor at Duke treats every student at the institution fairly.
This is my favourite. It’s a Tuscan soup that requires only five basic ingredients;
The farmer, Abraham Oosthuizen (35), a crop- and cattle-farmer on the farm Grootlaagte near Schweizer-Reneke, told Beeld newspaper that was attacked Friday at around 8pm after he had offloaded workers at their homes. He parked his bakkie in a car-port about 15m from his homestead and had just climbed out with some documents in one hand, and his .22 shotgun in the other, when three black people stormed towards him and fired a shot at him, he told Beeld newspaper.
#4 - missing soil
UPDATE: Since receiving this interview with Scot Meacham Wood he has officially won 2nd place in the SFERRA/All the Best Bedroom Contest. Visit ALL THE BEST Blog to see the other beautiful rooms. The judging was done by a panel of note -worthy designers - Michael Devine, Kelly Wearstler, Vicente Wolf, Todd Romano, Amanda Nisbet, Nathan Turner, and Ronda Rice Carman.
All the kids got a Lego set, including baby, who got his own Duplo set. I LOVE Lego Duplo! He loves it too!
Genre: Young Adult, Dystopian, Sci-Fi, Romance
My body lies covered in dust
It took almost 8 months to source the right specimen while staying within the ethical boundaries I have set for myself and my practice, but I think this piece was worth the wait. More important, my client did as well- in spades. She was simply over the moon with joy upon finally meeting her little dandy, and looks forward to incorporating him into he shop window displays. If you’re in the Philadelphia area, by all means take a stroll down 21st street (259 21st street to be exact) and say hello to Kiki and her fox!
PV - 19' 2.25" - Jacob Davis, Texas - '99
As I went from one stall to another, I managed to take a picture of this fish, the local Malays called it “Ikan Ayam-ayam” which literally means “Chicken fish” …hehee… not that it looks like a chicken but rather the flesh of this particular fish taste like a chicken…. hmm I really have no idea what it’s called in English though, sorry!
But this book is smartly updated with the current trend of rescuing dogs. The service dog training scenes are believable. Grace's grief for her dad is realistic. I actually expected this book to be kind of silly, considering the talking dog, but in the end I found it sweet and touching.
i've been listening to jens lekman's supreme ep non stop, it almost makes the morning commute fun. i like the feeling of being very matchy matchy when dressing myself - got spots on spots today (to match my spotty face, haha). the last few weeks have been über busy which almost justifies my recent indulgent splurges. got some lovely dr martens in the sale, but my wonderful wonderful boy bought me the most beautiful apc sandals. then i got myself in a bit of tizz in liberty this evening whilst going through the remaining bits of their sale - got that carven flared leather skirt i've been coveting for the last few months and a pretty silk sea ny dress.
The day started with a warm glass of water with a dash of cayenne and a squeeze of lemon followed by a pint of Green Juice. I used the Crazy Sexy recipe instead of the recipe we used for our previous juice fast, and I must say this recipe is much more palatable. The one part of this cleanse I was not looking forward to was the Green Juice every morning, but now I don't mind it at all! Lunch was a delicious spinach, avocado and tofu "egg(less) salad" bowl. In the afternoon I snacked on a pear with some almond butter. Dinner was a mix of raw veggies in a almond butter based thai sauce that I made in the blender. For an evening snack I had some fresh strawberries and a one inch square of 72% cacao dark chocolate. Throughout the day I sipped green tea with cinnamon, almond milk, and a touch of agave. Not bad, right? I found that at the end of the day I still had a ton of energy, where as I am usually ready to drop dead by 11pm. Day one completed, and I'm still psyched for the next 20 days (and beyond!)
I see God’s face
Its extortion.
Add the egg and buttermilk to a medium bowl and beat until blended. Mix in baking soda, baking powder, salt and oil. Slowly add flour, as much as it will take to thicken. Do not over mix, you don't want tough pancakes.
Sorry that it's been awhile since I have posted. For the last 3 weeks Bo has been sick. Long story short he started with an eye infection and ended up not eating or drinking for over a week. He ended up at the emergency vet and spent the night and then we transferred him to our regular vet. where he stayed 3 more nights. After many test, they thought he must have swallowed a foreign object. He was headed to surgery, but they said lets do a Chemistry blood test, which we are pretty sure we wouldn't find anything because he is so young(2 1/2 years old). But unfortunately, he came up with a problem related to his kidneys. They did fluid therapy and we brought him home and the latest news is he has improved!
See, it's all punk rock in the end.
Great Nicknames – The Music Marketing and Branding behind how nicknames and stage names can work for and against you.
There is no other reason why I would wear this sweater other than it remains underneath a coat and it is the warmest item of clothing I own.
I have owned this Kitchen Aid Stand Mixer for ten years, and I love it. When my bread machine broke, I never replaced it. I don't feel that I need a bread machine anymore. You can always mix dough by hand, if you don't mind the elbow grease. I suppose you could have you bread mixer knead the dough, but you still need to shame them. For practical purposes, I hope everyone owns a stand mixer. I used the dough hook, on low, to combine the ingredients-- then up a notch in speed for seven minutes. How easy is that? Now, it's time to allow the dough to do it's first rise...
I would like you to talk about how heartbreaking it is to sit beside them and watch them run in the wrong direction.
When we left Branson, our little gang we had traveled with all went our separate ways. It was sad, but all good things must come to an end. But, if we had to sit somewhere by ourselves and miss our friends, at least we chose a beautiful place for the night! This was the view outside of our windows at Lake Chicot State Park, which is Arkansas's largest natural lake.
The Fable of Zelda: Majora's Mask
Looking out they know me, know me not,
The reason for Sunday morning football is that I’m participating in Blondes vs. Brunettes, a charity powderpuff football game. I volunteered to play because I thought I was Tom Brady. (Also the charity supports Alzheimer’s research but mostly I’m Tom Brady.)
1 Part el Jimador Reposado Tequila
­Wikipedia (2)
At 10:00 pm on a Wednesday night? Leaving to go where? Oh, out of the marriage.
The actual good reasons exactly why persons have to have a fabulous cell phone nowadays:
Now I can't show you all of the pages because I really hope you will go to her blog and show her some love.
Shabbat shalom, y'all.
A call, a role is offered to the many and the one,
The repair shop found a nail on our tire and fixed it. Our car has an air pressure lamp which will come on if the tire has low pressure. Do most cars have this? Thanks to this function, I was able to avoid a flat tire. I love Toyota.
I’ve always disliked the mantra that you could die tomorrow so live for today, because it makes people not consider consequences and it leads to lonely, small and selfish people. But doing too much to aid the advent of tomorrow is equally poor planning and worrying about whether or not you’re doing enough can undermine the intended effect through stress.
Matthew 28:8-9 "So the women hurried away from the tomb, afraid yet filled with joy, and ran to tell His disciples. Suddenly Jesus met them. 'Greetings,' He said. They came to Him, clasped his feet and worshiped Him."
It’s amazing the degree to which outreach strategies rest on a single, and deeply flawed, premise:
Further from the bad quality from the league players, coach Pitso Mosimane called closer cooperation from all stakeholders to ensure the national team is thoroughly prepared for the their games. There is risk of failing to qualify for 2013 Africa Cup of Nations and the 2014 Fifa World Cup starting in June this year. What am I talking about by saying risk? The team has not qualified for the current tournament, so it is actually more normal to fail to qualify.
I adapted the recipe in some ways: (a) I baked it in a muffin pan to make mini quiches, all the better to be picked up and munched on, (b) I used broccoli instead of spinach, (c) and used cheddar cheese because I am not a fan of feta.
Sift the flour, baking powder, salt and ginger into a large bowl and set aside.
By this time I was beginning to get slightly alarmed as Mr. Swartz face was red, his veins bulging, and I thought his head might actually explode.
Linda Naidoo, director of Childline, said the statistics were cause for immediate action by the police.
I mention the billionaire because the same idea can be applied to America. A few American Billionaires could jump start the economy.
After the intense 45-minute massage, my entire body felt rested and rejuvenated.
I've made a tradition out of hand-delivering the manuscripts of the Breweries books to my editor, Kyle Weaver, at Stackpole Books in Mechanicsburg, Penn., starting with the first edition of Pennsylvania Breweries. This one, as Kyle pointed out, marked 10 years that we've been working together. So after I dropped off the chunk of paper, and told him a few stories about putting the book together, we went out to lunch at the Pizza Grille in Camp Hill I had a Tröegs Pale Ale -- actually, we both did; Kyle's onto good beer now too, and always seeks out the locals when he travels -- and a really different mushroom pizza, with smoked mozzarella, and a wild mushroom puree instead of the traditional tomato sauce. Delicious, and the beer was great.
3. Do you own a gun?
Mom and Grandma hit the road on Sunday and my little brother showed up the very next day. Actually, younger brother would probably be a better way of saying that, given the fact that he is well over 6 feet tall and towers over his 5 foot 9 inch older sis.
This story is character centric rather than based on a plot. It revolves around Gopi (Gopal) who is portrayed as person with mixed characters. Don’t we all have the same? A clean side and a darker one?
With a gift of encouragement,
If you want to make it easy for your soon-to-be-leaving friend to keep in touch, create a practical keepsake. Ask each guest to bring a 4x6 photograph of himself or a picture that shows both the guest and the guest of honor. On the back of the photo, each person should print his or her contact information. Include everything from snail mail addresses to Skype user names. Then, stick the photos in a pocket-sized photo album. The album will serve as both souvenir and address book.
Like I loved you, lived you before
His interpretation of the law into an “African” and “European” or “Black” and “White” context is a gross distortion of the truth. Under “African” or “Native” the Afrikaners definitely qualify.
S. Chrysostom again (Hom. 17 in Ep. ad Rom.) says: “Just as boys in play put on each other’s heads crowns of hay, and often laugh behind his back at the boy they have crowned, so too do those who speak you fair to your face jeer at you quietly among themselves. What else is this but placing crowns of hay on each other’s heads? Would or were nothing else but hay! But as it is, this crown of ours is full of warning to us, for it destroys all that we have rightly done. Consider, then, its value; flee from the loss it entails. For if there are a hundred, or a thousand, or a host without number to applaud you, yet all of them are nothing more than chattering jackdaws. Nay, if you but think of the cloud of angel-witnesses they will seem viler than worms, and their words more flimsy than cobwebs, more fleeting than smoke, or than a dream of the night. Say to thy soul what Paul said, ‘Knowest thou not that we shall judge angels?’ Then call it away from such a feast, and chide it, and say, ‘Dost thou that art to sit in judgment on angels wish to be judged by such unclean spirits?’
Os Mutantes- Dia 36
When I was ready to decorate the cake, I opened the fridge, and gasped when I saw that the pastry cream was oozing and dripping down the sides of the cake. Not pretty. I guess I didn't let it set enough. But I tried not to freak out, and just used a spatula to scrape off the excess pastry cream and dump it in the sink. What a waste. At least there was still a thin layer of pastry cream in between the two cakes!
Thomas was a late ‘70s/early ‘80s synth-pop pioneer, probably most famous for his singles ‘She Blinded me with Science’ and ‘Hyperactive’ (very popular but not the best examples of his work), who later went on to produce music for the likes of Stevie Wonder, Joni Mitchell and Prefab Sprout, to name but a few. During his time in California in the late ‘90s, he started a company, out of Silicon Valley, that developed the software which drives the ringtones in 3 billion+ mobiles. And for the last 10 years or so, he’s been the musical director of TED Global. One hell of a bio. You can find out more about the man and his work here.
1) Would you turn to look at the burning bush?
He still hasn't had much interest in potty training. I thought he might jump into it more quickly because of Holden, but so far that hasn't happened.
But it was Disraeli who was by far the most eloquent advocate of the virtues of conservatism and it was he who is generally credited with bringing the term into common use as the name of his party. How much of Disraeli's often-expressed sentimental attachment to almost everything traditionally English was propaganda and how much was sincerely felt, we can really only speculate but that his deeds served the preservation of English liberty and civility well there can be no doubt. There were none of the big 19th century upheavals in England that there were in Europe. Calling on the accumulated wisdom of English traditions to both guide and limit reform was certainly a practical, popular and political success.
Congratulations Katie, you win 3 digi images from last weeks sponsor Papermom! Could you please e-mail me (Faye) at the address in the sidebar, by Sunday 8 August, so we can arrange for you to claim your prize. If the prize is not claimed by 8 August, another winner will be chosen.
On Wednesday our friend who painted the mural will be coming over to update the room. We wanted to change the wording to something that represented both of our boys and Kevin came up with "Bailey Brother's Monster Co." We're also adding a guardian angel monster above the crib so Little Kevie will always know his big brother is forever watching over him.
Bill legged it to the airport and thought “Well this is it”
· From the 1968 Christmas TV special, the song “Christmas Glow Worm”, sung with Dorothy Collins, is here.
I was recently looking at pictures from my trip to Fort Myers in 2011, and I thought I’d share some today.
So I love to read. I mean I have a degree in English with a minor in history, so I would have to love to read. So, today I’m going to talk about the books I’ve read recently. I haven’t done this before but I’ll try to start doing it more often.
Brain fart - I got nothing interesting to say! I can't even make anything up ... all my ideas are sitting on the sidelines as they are all for my books. Oh! Here we go:
they are doing now, after the earthquake–
So, free speech to Dagsavisen means that they can publish accusations that I inspire mass murder, that I am just like Nazi criminals who were responsible for organizing genocide, and that I represent a plague epidemic of delusional people whose paranoia is like toxic waste to society. Yet they refuse to publish a short reply by me.
The nurse perused the file for a long time, then shook her head. "No, sorry," she said. "I'll have to get the doctor for that. Just a moment." She reached for the phone.
It is generally recommended that a vegetarian diet be adopted gradually, to allow people’s bodies and lifestyles time to adjust to new eating habits and food intake. Some nutritionists have designed “transition” diets to help people become vegetarian in stages.
Be kind to yourself and take all the time you need to gradually make better and healthier choices. Your body is an amazing work of art. It has an intelligence all its own and is constantly struggling and striving to maintain optimal health. Do what you can today to make its job that much easier.
Serve with coconut chutney.
I think the information presented in the article underscores how tough a task the SoCon has in trying to emulate the CAA. Besides having larger schools that play in bigger arenas (for the most part), most of the CAA schools don’t have to worry about football. The CAA probably also benefits to a degree from having more of its schools located in larger metro areas, although that can be a double-edged sword.
By Martha E.H Rustad. 2009. 24p. Pebble Pluss (978-1429633253). Gr 1-4
More Shiner Holiday Cheer, more Nogne O, and Pyramid Snowcap
Chris shook his head. You're being paranoid. He's just an actor. Probably not even the same guy.
You don’t have to use raw honey and raw tahini in this recipe, but it does make a difference on the health end of things. If cost and/or availability is an issue, just use whatever you have to get the green in ya! No more excuses!
I volunteered for the second time for a Girls on the Run 5k event. You may or may not recall, I was a running buddy a year ago, and it was such a great experience that I wanted to do it again. (They have a spring 5k too, but I had a friend getting married in NC that day....plus, I was BARELY running at that point. Stupid tibia.) Plus, my registration was free as a thanks for being a solemate (fundraiser) for the AF marathon. Can't beat that!
The list of murdered farmers is available for anybody interested in doing the research.
I've been looking for a pattern that would allow big chunks of these prints. This pattern was in the recent Quilts and More magazine, and was really quick and fun to do. The large pieces are 8x18", so you can really see the prints.
About three or four albums back, a friend had listened to some singles and wanted to get into the band. He had noticed the albums were in a sale and wondered where to start. It’s simple I said, buy all of them. I would almost say that now, but start with these:
All that being re-capped, I’ve come up with a new way of dealing with this… and when I say ‘new way’ I mean it’s ‘new’ for me and my current struggles.
I'm sure they'll be happy to see it again when the storage is all unpacked, but they've been pretty content with what we've got here. It actually kind of seems like they play with their toys more now that they have fewer to choose from.
No wonder y’all think there’s a mancession. I always say NO relationship is better than a bad one. I was proud of her ….she turned his wildly piss poor offer down.
Her book is half emotional support for people dealing with cervical stitches, best rest and the worry that comes after having a premature stillborn baby and half a medical reference guide, as she has spent the last 4 years researching everything to do with premature labour, incompetent cervix, the benefits of bed rest etc.
The Group Destroys The Target: Lincolnshire Police – G4S, direct entry from outside the police, deployment without the standard issue riot equipment every other police force in the world has access to, no industrial rights, not allowed to organise or even speak out.
Yeah. Markers and highlighting in pink ink. They’re all just passages I want to remember… things I found interesting; descriptions of favorite characters; awesome scenes. I don’t usually do this with books; usually I treat them like sacred relics. But there’s too much to remember with Lord of the Rings, and my brain is not that powerful to simply know where it all is.
“I think new writer Steven Moffat has a big challenge following such a successful and popular Doctor – but he’s an excellent choice and if anyone can fill Russell T Davies’ shoes, then he’s the man to do it.
Medium brake energy
family slides, and this striking image
Something else I would recommend to people trying to lose weight is finding something to be passionate about that is health related, you know, like bicycles! I think that my obsession... er I mean addiction... um still not right.. hobby, yes that's it Hobby, is a huge factor in keeping me interested in healthy living because its kind of hard to blast down a rail trail when you weigh 400 pounds. Bicycles have become very interesting to me once again, more so than when I was 10 years old riding around on my Huffy Santa fe' or when I was 14 with my Schwinn Super le tour, there is something about them that just speaks to me, I like riding them, I like fixing up the old broken ones and I have too many right now! The spring can't get here soon enough so that I can get my weekend rides back on the menu and I am planning on being back down to my fighting weight by then so I have a lot to look forward to with the spring coming around again.
Aswell as making one gift for each of the two winners I'll also pop in a small selection of fabrics and buttons to give a little something to your making stash too. Don't worry if the colours I've shown here aren't your favourites. If you have a peek into my etsy shop you'll see there's quite a choice of colours for you to choose from.
and jagged rocks in the floodways.
The 800 pound gorilla around these events is the US. The gorilla wants a cozy cuddly relationship with India—a feeling that India fully reciprocates because of all the goodies that will come its way. The gorilla also wants bases in Afghanistan—something the Afghan Government (but not the Afghans) wants to give them to ensure continued support of all kinds. All three want Pakistan to do several things—deliver terrorists, end sanctuaries, stabilize internally and cooperate fully in all that they want to do in their own interests. Pakistan wants good bilateral relations with all three but it has to be clear on the end result sought by the US in Afghanistan and on how and to what extent it will be supported now and in the long run to face the challenges that threaten it. So far all Pakistan is getting is pressure and coercion and its response is to this pressure not to a supportive cooperative attitude addressing its concerns.
Home is in your heart
Daddy often chides me for making you and your brother older than you are, when I spend the last few months before your birthday rounding up. But I feel like you really are going to inhabit this age well, and eight looks good on you. Particularly this new "with glasses" version of you.
We did take a dressage lesson and school xc yesterday, I'll write a post about that tomorrow or the next day. I wanted to just post about the show today first.
I knew I was nowhere, but the most surprising thing of all was that I was still in the world after all still in the world after all this time, on dot at the lower part of the map. The landscape had gaunt expression, but I could not deny that it had reasonable features and that I existed in it. This was a discovery – the look of it. I thought: Nowhere is a place.
his response,
Many people also have the habit of judging what you have accomplished with your age, and normally this conversation would be initiated during a birthday party.. I should be proud of this, but I know that some people would resent that fact, so I keep mum about it too.
October 1 – The Arena at Gwinnett Center, Atlanta, GA
Of course, you still need to know the basics of good writing, reporting, editing and production, but go after internships that are Internet-based. And keep a very professional Web presence — everything you say or do online can be tracked down. Maintain a blog, if not a full website.
There are so many dishes you can make with Kimchi, not only to authentic Korean dishes but also to fuse with other cuisines as well. Possibilities are limitless and creativity is all you need.
I have so much to do this month, it is Certifiably Insane. This week, I have but a few moments of peace (including a haircut/color, Peach’s first guitar recital, and Olive’s teacher conference), because starting this Saturday, it’s all Nutcracker, all the time, for the next week, including FOUR performances, all of which I’m going to. If I make it through that week, I’ve got my annual ornament exchange that Sunday, then two parties at The Job and two school assemblies the next week. That weekend, we’re hosting T-Bone’s work party on Saturday and a neighborhood party on Sunday, then I’m surprising Peach and Olive with tickets to The Lion King on the 23rd. And then it’s all downhill from Christmas Eve, straight through to Peach’s 10th birthday on the 30th, and our anniversary on the 31st. Dang!
DR EVIL: Doctor! Doctor! Over here please, just a few words… Now, you’re not up for an award yourself tonight, so you can be honest, who’s the best?
I may have broken a cardinal rule when it comes to pruning. Without knowing what type of bush these atrocities were, I pruned them. I speculate I needed to wait until fall to prune them since they already had green buds blooming but I couldn't wait through another summer.
We bought an older home hoping to be able to renovate. 5.5 years and quite a number of unfulfilled predictions (by others) later. It hasn't happened.
I keep reminding myself to just breath, but even thats not easy...I just hurt...its just all to much for this heart broken girl
When I say “discuss” of course I mean that he chatted away excitedly while I, with absolutely no knowledge of the subject, soon discovered that a few head nods and the occasional, “Oh yes,” or “Fascinating!” convinced him that we shared the same burning passion.
With Father's Day right around the corner, I ran with that theme and made a card and gift bag tag for my sweet hubby, Scott:
I find the vintage Solo Sleepeasy Plastic Brush rollers the best, although almost a tie with Wil-hold Plastic Brush Rollers. Both produce excellent results and easy to use, and the ability to secure them well so they don't loosen and yank outweighs the fact that they are a little prickly. And you really get used to them, particularity the Sleepeasy rollers and you do feel nicely set when done properly. Unfortunately these rollers are hard to find except in second had stores or eBay.
The Night Angel trilogy by Brent Weeks
I may surprise you with a visit now and then while I am gone, if I can plug in to some Internet somewhere.
admit that Zuma would likely not have been picked up by the ANCYL "if Mbeki hadn't gone after him." Malema stated matter of factly that Zuma is "a victim of a conspiracy similar to what would happen in American politics." When PolOff politely challenged him about his analogy, he backed off and said, "Well, that's how it's portrayed in movies." When asked what triggered the loss of Mbeki's support from the ANCYL, he replied that "Mbeki thinks he's too clever for all of us and he won't engage with us." In a subsequent aside, Malema admitted that ANCYL President Fikile Mbalula did not want to support Zuma during the rape trial but that the regional leadership insisted, arguing that if the YL defended Zuma on corruption charges, they could defend him on rape charges since both acts are immoral. He also hinted that Fikile was told his position depended on his support of Zuma.
Prior to this classroom visit, I really only saw her class during drop-off (just after lunch) and pick-up… both are times of transition for the kids and always very chaotic. In my head I always envisioned the teachers dealing with a day full of overzealous 2-5 year olds who snatch toys, tattle on each other, and have the attention span of my pinky finger.
“It took me a good year or so to come out of my shell,” Kevin said. When he was first dating his now wife, Sara, Kevin said he didn’t talk about their relationship on the air too often; he chats up his family life frequently now. Guy describes the show as part show business, part reality, so it’s common to hear the gang chaw about their lives outside of the studio box, making their spouses and significant others like other cast members when they call in with their two cents.
The worst part about the holidays is trying to buy a gift for that special person in your life, and you just can't figure out what to buy.
Weeping
JK
The child was eleven years old. She promised to demand that her parents help her to procure a library card as soon as she went home, and I'm pleased to say she got it. I felt as if I'd run a marathon and won it twice.
The Doctor: You tried to destroy an entire world.
We are sponsored by the lovely Fred She Said Designs and the DT have been lucky enough to use some of their gorgeous digi stamps.
AWP: What question are you tired of being asked?
All of these were done in MyMemories Suite (look on my sidebar for the link and discount code to get a copy of this fun program for yourself. The price after the ten dollar discount is very reasonable.).
Things work differently in UAE and any bumps or scratches have to be reported to the police. And there are camera's everywhere, so running off is not an option. But I'm too nice anyway, and called the police dutifully. I had problems understanding what they were saying, and they had problems understanding me, so I ended up going to the police station in Jebel Ali. I just had to find it first, which is not easy. But got there in the end..
It's a good thing that she is a SHE because she is usually sporting
Life and Limb 2
My children, as I said, are too young for any of this to matter to them. Whatever their orientation, I hope that the world they grow into is less hateful than Pastor Harris.
“An impression of your fangs?” he asked amused.
Pick out a few of the best looking raspberries and set aside, you'll use these for decoration. Mash the remaining raspberries with the sugar and spread over the base of your cooled tart. Set aside.
What’s more, unless you work in a bubble, it’s inevitable that you’re going to be around people who predispose you to illness at your place of employment—for example, that hacking and coughing officemate who should have stayed home—but sticking to office hygiene as well as general hygiene, getting plenty of sleep and eating right will help to keep you healthy.
Her theme included a post signature that also serves as post divider, blog button, post stickers for her reviews, "In my mailbox" posts, interviews, giveaways and guest posts, a fairy-wings rating system, a secondary menu, and social media icons. I'm really, really happy with how the sidebars came out, and the post signature thing and post stickers. I'm also really happy about how the header turned out, and after seeing the end result, I must say Bree was very well inspired to give me this direction for it.
"Let's make a toad house!" I said to Lizzie and "YEAH!" was her immediate enthusiastic reply. I rummaged through a pile of old clay pots, found a hammer and we smashed a side off each pot and had instant toad homes.
3. Be committed. This position will last a minimum of 3 months. At the
But all of this pales into insignificance against the bigger picture. Go to the DFID website, hit the "project search" tab and then key in "climate change". You will get 301 projects, the first being the Environmental Transformation Fund, with a budget of £554 million, of which only £39.6 million has been spent.
"But what about Montessori?" you ask. The Montessori method proposes that the focus is on the child, that the child learns with little interruption from the teacher (director), that children have rights, and that children should not be subjected to measurements like grading and testing. Well, that sounds pretty autodidactic and unschoolish, doesn't it? Except that all of those "autodidactic freedoms" occur within a rigidly controlled environment.
c. George Takei
Picture of the dish not more then 300 px.
Even though I have a lot on my plate write now (puns!) I’m going to try and post updates here about once a week but who knows how that will work out.
Looks like I'll have a hot date with the mac-lab this weekend.
The Gallup polling demonstrates that eighty-four percent (84%) of Americans, a huge majority, do identify themselves as affiliated in some fashion, formal or not, with a faith of choice.
I’ll give some great examples how you could achieve your goals with building blogs. All you gotta do is create a free blog of your liking then create content for it. Regular individuals like you can make a nice monthly income from that one little blog in which $500 dollars is possible, but if you decided that you would like to publish teen more just like it then that could possibly be about $5,000 dollars right there. The good thing about it is there is no limit how much you could make by washing, rinsing, and doing it again.
Heffer then places the ball in front of the posts, runs up and kicks… “What most annoyed me about Little George, though, was the despairing way in which I heard him announce on Radio 4 on Wednesday that “we” would have to “get” the salaries of bankers “down”. I concede that a couple of banks are largely owned by the taxpayer. However, most aren’t: and none totally is. So why does George feel it is his place, like some member of the Socialist Workers’ Party, to call for bankers to be paid less? Since when was the Conservative Party, should it win power, planning to Sovietise our economy in a fashion that would allow it to control bankers’ pay? And even if it were, what does it think this idiotic and unpleasantly illiberal move would achieve?
If Moshe Rabbeinu would be there, which minyan would he choose to join?
We are cows, and we like to...
my aura
The new dual action DC plug is composed of a dual car charger splitter that allows you to power 2 mobile phones all at the same time in your car. All you need to do is plug the power adapter into your power socket and it’s set and ready to use. This is truly beneficial if you have more than 1 mobile phone in your car.
* The time the snarky senior in the AP English class asked if I wouldn’t mind discussing “real” literature.
When I found this post a while back, I simply loved it. It deals with just that subject, and does so in such a wonderfully positive, pro-people way. It reads in part:
The main issue is really my family. I can’t help but think that we are all getting older, and I am cheating my mother and stepdad out of being involved with my children on a daily basis. That we are cheating ourselves out of being involved with them. My sister is the one we have appointed as legal guardian should anything truly terrible happen, yet she’s only met the kids twice.
I think Topps needs competition. Something to make then push themselves for a better product. I think the law suit will end up biting them in the rear end. I like Topps, but I still that it was a boneheaded move to sue. Yea, a little late in expressing my opinion, but better late than never.
On the last note:
I traced him onto heavy weight muslin and backed it with some white warm and natural so it gives a sort of quilted look. He'll get some pieces of red plaid home spun as a border and I think I'm going to add some tabs at the top so I can put a fancy dowel through the tabs to hang him...the pattern doesn't call for the tabs...but I never follow patterns exactly! I think I should have him finished in a couple days.
Marijuana possession policies.
Green is what that spells.
"We made him an offer he couldn't refuse..." ahahahah
The entry fee, which covers participant plus a guest (riding in the same car), includes all event-related hotel stays and meals. Gas is on you, as is getting your car to the kick off location (San Francisco), and home from the final destination (Half Moon Bay).
As a conclusion, it was abso-f*cking-lutely-fantastic! The end.
Middle row from left to right:- discovered a new shop Brissonte in North Reading, chilling out with an ice coffee and one of my favorite reads, a second daytrip to Rockport, Miss Marble the kitty we fed most of the summer
Bruce turned this formal setting of French elegance into a dazzling mosaic of pure and merging colors that realized Cézanne's dictum that "when color is richest, form is most complete." A prototype can be found in Cézanne's "Vase of Flowers", circa 1900. However, the more immediate inspiration for the painting may have been Matisse's fusion of textiles and objects in his interiors and in his still lifes such as "Harmony in Red" of 1908-09, in which flowers, vessels and tapestry designs are interwoven in broad arabesques of equal color density.
Yet again, I repeat: there is a glint of hope.
This is issued when a tornado is indicated by the WSR-88D radar or sighted by spotters; therefore, people in the affected area should seek safe shelter immediately. They can be issued without a Tornado Watch being already in effect. They are usually issued for a duration of around 30 minutes.
I’m finding that some teas really seem to taste better when slurped. Why? Well, for the same reason that professional tea tasters slurp — to pull some air in with the tea and to be sure the liquid is spread across a wide area of the tongue.
“I did see your piece on the Labor stats, and it’s a view widely shared over here. There is no solid recovery on the way: the smart money just doesn’t believe it. But the scarey thing is that Middle America just might…for the time being”.
Are they developing their own sense of good and bad, right and wrong?
First we'll start off with this from my Local Greenville Road Warriors
I believe that it’s important to let students — and working journalists — know about research that speaks to our profession. That’s the central mission of efforts at ACES to encourage and promote research about editing.
Geneva in Switzerland is worth a visit as many international groups such the United Nations and International Red Cross are located in Geneva. Many tourists head to this skiing destination in winter, when the Swiss Alps are covered with mantles of white snow. You can enjoy living in the ski resorts and skiing on the famous Alps.
We believe. You belong here.
I'd had very minor spotting at the beginning of the pregnancy, but around 15 or 16 weeks it picked up, and there was bleeding to some degree nearly every day. I learned later that bleeding like that can be a very typical symptom of cervical changes. I also learned later that the fern test isn't accurate when accompanied by blood and the blood can obscure the amniotic fluid, giving a false negative.
Trending: Upward Fast.
Beads and ear rings: Mandala_ pearl rain
For all our fallen soldiers, whether Coast Guard, Army, Marines, Air Force or Navy, we remember and give thanks to their service in providing us the freedom we enjoy today. Whenever I think of these men I think about the night before the battle. The men in dug-outs, battlefields and command centers and the men in ships and preparing airplanes for flight or on patrol; praying for themselves, their families and their comrades.
I want to make it clear to the West and to the German people, which is still being blackmailed because of what Nazism did to the Zionists, or to the Jews. I say that what Israel did to the Palestinian people is many times worse than what Nazism did to the Jews, and there is exaggeration, which has become obsolete, regarding the issue of the Holocaust. We do not deny the facts, but we will not give in to extortion by exaggeration. As for the Zionist holocaust against the Palestinian people, and against the peoples of the Arab and Islamic nation – this is a holocaust that is being perpetrated in broad daylight, with the coverage of the media of globalization. Nobody can deny it or claim that it is being exaggerated.
4) Finding a Home for Oklahoma’s Orphans While not everyone is called to foster or adopt, every follower of Christ is called to bring justice to orphans and can do something to change the outcome for these kids.
I bought a couple copper jello molds from an 80 year old woman who had set up a booth at her home with her husband. She said this would be her first and last yardsale. She was setting her yard sale up like my Mom does. My Mom is also in her 80s. She was constantly rubbing on things to keep them clean and as a result, she was just worn out. My Mom will work for days to wash and dry all her glass items and she is constantly cleaning things up throughout the sale. She absolutely cannot stand to see something with a little dust on it. Thank goodness she only likes to have a yardsale once yearly.
Your birth chart shows how you’re wired for attitudes about money, your earning capacity and your self-worth. In this special 30-minute reading you will learn your code and how to work with it consciously — and express it in other ways other than what you’ve always been doing. $90. Info and booking here.
“You ask a kid in Moravia, what was the first thing that Fillmore bought with the money he saved from working when he was young? They’ll tell you—a dictionary!” she says.
What are your must-haves for the hospital?
Perhaps someone could enlighten me.
Bike rack ordered, I waited patiently for it to ship in.
Royal Caribbean offers a nice variety of Romance and Honeymoon Packages. Picture yourself following a trail of red rose petals to your romantic evening, or sipping champagne and enjoying deletable canapes in your luxurious stateroom. Snuggle in Turkish cotton bath robes, enjoy a mouthwatering breakfast in bed, and take home a handsome portrait in a keepsake frame. Royal Caribbean also offers a wedding registry where your friends and family can give a gift of shipboard entertainment, Royal Caribbean gear, or specialty dining.
HSN sold more than 20,000 units Tuesday with its debut of the Bon Appetit Collection, one of the most successful culinary launches in the the network’s history.
SHALOM AUSLANDER (Hope: A Tragedy)
Prize: $20 gift certificate to SPS store.
Roland Crandall
Please visit the other Crafty Gals on the right side of my blog for more creations celebrating those who love us!!!
“No matter,” she thought to herself while consulting her map of the city to determine how to navigate back to the Cathedral where she was staying. “I think it still looks stunning.”
What gave it away was when psychologist Oskar Pfungst, who was part of a genuine thing called the Hans Commission, checked what happened when Hans couldn’t see the person asking the questions. The success rate plummeted. When he couldn’t read the increasing tension on people’s faces as he neared the right point to stop, and the relief and relaxation that swept over them when he got there, he was just a horse tapping his foot and hoping it would be good enough to earn him another salt lick.
Jason Days
For me, well, I've started a metal working class at the local college and an Indian beading class at the senior center. Come summer, I'm taking a film class--free because I'll be 65. I'm excited and happy, and looking forward to doing all I can before that fateful night comes. My gosh. Why sit around depressed and whining waiting for it? It'll let me know when the time has come.
22a.Ing! O
Reuters reports that House Financial Services Committee Chairman Spencer Bachus has been cleared by the Office of Congressional Ethics of insider trading charges. Because this comes from OCE, and not the House Ethics Committee, it has instant credibility.
It was strange; at first I would often be conscious of being the only white person in a particular place. I never felt vulnerable, but I certainly felt conspicuous. After a while though, as our faces became familiar and our presence drew less attention, I wouldn't even notice. Yet at the same time, it was vital to retain an awareness of who I was and where I came from. My story may have been running parallel to that of the people I met and became close to, but the truth is that I could never forget I was there by choice and not by birth or history.
These are 6 of the reasons why I have decided, with my family, to leave Africa - again - for good. If you are overseas, and Africa is in your bones, and you’re feeling duped by SA’s advertising that it’s all getting better (yes, Homecoming Revolution, I am talking about YOU) then don’t believe the hype. If you are white, you are unemployable, no matter how many skills or how much experience you have. Unless you are coming to participate in greed culture, and are willing to risk everything you have saved overseas (yes, overseas we have disposable income - we CAN save), then don’t be tempted by summers and blue skies. Get a UV light to combat the winter depression, but think very carefully before putting South Africa back on your radar. We have made the mistake, like so many others, and we are rectifying it, after losing everything in the process of ‘keeping the faith’. The banks in South Africa are trying to attract you because they want your foreign currency - every little helps. Just remember - if you are coming from the UK - the banks want to charge you your foreign currency. Something else that South Africans get a raw deal on is bank charges. I don’t know about bank charges anymore. In Britain, on personal accounts, there is no such thing. I do not get charged £1 to withdraw money from an ATM, and I certainly don’t get charged to DEPOSIT money into my account. Actually, the banks in the UK are so happy with their customers that they don’t charge them anything for having a bank account. The banks are attracting South Africans to ‘come home’ not because of some revolution going on with the country ‘rebuilding’, but because the country needs FOREIGN currency. It has nothing to do with the ‘brain drain’, as I have found you can be the best in the world at what you do, but corporate policies are ‘blacks only’ with employment. Don’t believe the bullshit of ‘come home and together we will boost the economy’. Translate it as ‘Your Pounds Sterling are a much needed revenue for South African banks, and we want YOU to give up your safe, stable and secure life, bring all your pounds, and when you’ve spent them ALL in South Africa and have nothing left...... Well, then you can fuck off!
It begins with John Applefeller, the annual last-place finisher in the celebrated event that every July draws hundreds of international dessert chefs to compete for the coveted Silver Spoon (and to compete against Sylvester S. Sweet, the self-proclaimed King of Dessert, who always wins).
…What’s more, it’s free! So register now.
If 2008 wasn't a particularly good year for me to get out and see lots of new films, I think I made up for it with all the non-2008 films I caught up with. So here's a recap of some of the notable older film discoveries I made this year.
- John Gustafson: basse, choeurs
Accepted by OSHA. OSHA 10-hour, 30-hour Outreach Training Courses online! Course Provider is 360training.com. Upon completion of the 10-hour & 30-hour course, you will receive a completion card from the Department of Labor within 4-8 weeks.
· tips for communicating with legislators and health officials
Over the past thirty years, we have lost around a third of the total pub stock in Britain, but beer sales have plummeted by over 60%. Given this, it is perhaps surprising not that so many pubs have closed, but so few – and this must suggest that there is more pain to come. And before someone pipes up that “plenty of new bars have opened up to replace the lost pubs”, bear in mind that the sales figures quoted cover the entire on-trade including pubs, bars, clubs and hotels.
Written by David Whitaker
Manuela Gold
Anyway, two golds went to UK brewers, the first was a category that I judged (along with several other UK judges including the lovely Glenn Payne and the fabulous Mr Dan Fox from the White Horse) and it was the subject of some really lively debate, which was brilliant because only good beer provokes passionate responses - the upshot of this being that Rooster's took a one and two in this category with Leghorn and YPA respectively, so well done Sean, I'm thrilled for you and feel you've taken two well-deserved wins there.
And I’ve been waiting (as patiently as possible) for The Dark Knight Rises since the run for The Dark Knight ended.
18th of April 2012
But none of that matters really?
The Cain brouhaha nicely illustrates the definition of sexual harassment: a sexual advance from an unattractive man. Attractive men's sexual overtures we strangely never hear much about, because they're accepted by the object of the overture.
-Wax paper
This is continuation of the blog I had posted earlier this month on Preaching Principles. Some friends have already written in saying they have been blessed with what I have pointed out in communicating from the platform. Lets step right into the next point:
~ Frère Roger, de Taizé, Un Avenir de Paix
just a girl we run thru
When Nyamare died all his property was taken by Mutandagavi for himself. He did not share with the sons of Chaitezvi. Chidziva and Chinamaringa complained about this and also opposed his succession to the chieftainship, saying that he was a bad man, as he did not want a person to pass through his home during the night because he thought that they were witchdoctors. When he saw a man passing through his home he used to ask his children to kill him.
2 composed
The Girl In The Fireplace
Have a great Monday!
What are the odds of me sneaking it in through the back door???????
4 people, all friends BUT – there can be only one. *duh duh duuun*
The patchwork pillow covers feature a quilted patchwork pieced front, a layer of cotton batting and an interior layer of muslin. The cover has an envelope style closure on the back and rounded corners and all interior seams have been finished with a serger. All covers have been pre-washed/dried to give it that crinkly quilted finish.
And keeping with this simple fabric theme (if you can call eyelet simple) these eyelet pillowcase dress have me longing for the beach in summer time. I just love the classic feel of eyelet. It is so soft and beautiful. And the pop of color in the ties that these mamas choose is my kind of adorable.
02. My Comet
His last labored breath
And I hope Horndaddy remembers me with a big bushel of bullets and extra wheelbarrows of cash that I get from the Triangle off Doom.
—Whom their imputed grace will dignify—
I hope that you enjoy and are inspired to create for yourself and someone else in your life today. thank you for taking the time to stop over for a visit I hope that you return again very soon
Emerson: Sort of.
Memories are anchors left behind long after fate disengages the ship’s tenuous hold on the shore and steers it reluctantly away, away from the shore, away from those it anchored, away to the deep sea, to the great beyond from whence there’s no return.
tobacco and shampoo
Tony Curtis, William Fraker, Leslie Nielsen, Patricial Neal, Robert Culp, Lynn Redgrave, Jill Clayburgh, Dennis Hopper, Blake Edwards, Lena Horne and all the others.
My day started with a kid from another 3rd grade class coming to talk to me before school started, to tell me that a boy in ANOTHER 3rd grade class "had pictures of naked women in his backpack!"
Finally after four months of doctoring we did another colonoscopy. You can imagine how both of us felt when Dr. Hightower told me that there was a suspicious mass at the sight of my previous surgery and I would need surgery again. The son-of-bitch at VA missed it. It would not have made any difference in my needing surgery, but I would not have gone through such hell and have the problem taken care of a year earlier. The bastard.
But the moment of the night was the promo work done by Fortune, and in particular, AJ Styles. He truly has improved since he was matched up with Flair. You can also see Flair beaming with pride when he is watching him talk, it’s like a father watching his son succeed. I also liked the banter between Flair and Foley. I feel there is some unfinished business between them. But what about the beat down they gave the other 4 men, Jarrett, Hogan, Nash, and Sting? I think it’s way to say this is Fortune’s house and anyone else isn’t afraid in.
All too often, artists are not keeping the records that can help be a blueprint to more fans, more sales and larger audiences. Tracking progress from your social media promotion to your offline marketing and everywhere in between can not only show how you what is working, it can also show others.
garden beds
Took back mango drink with hashima - a great day I had that made me really happy :-)
Our carpets have been laid, my craft room has been rearranged yet again (the wireless connection kept disconnecting itself) & I'm getting back into the groove of working with my stamps & inks. I had a bit of shock with Messrs Blogger & Google (Blooger & Goggle perhaps) - one moment I am following 69 blogs, & then it varies between 11 & 20! I've tried the new interface, switching back to the old one, unsubscribing/unfollowing & resubscribing/refollowing & as soon as I've got it all sorted - it changes!!! I really do not understand so I have resorted to keeping up with blogs/following via a mixture of RSS Feeds & the Top Sites on my Mac.
this path called beauty
Outside the CBS News’ Washington offices after the interview, media analyst Sam Husseini asked Powell what he knew about the torture of al-Qaeda suspect Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi, who made false claims linking Saddam Hussein’s Iraq and al-Qaeda, lies that Powell then cited in his infamous pro-invasion speech before the United Nations on Feb. 5, 2003.
BRIT: "Well, because it was his name, I suppose."
We decided to walk up the streets (its on a hill) towards Meiji Jingu. It is a Shinto shrine, which is Japans ancient religion, void of a founder, holy book or conversion. However, they value nature and virtue. The closest things they have to G-ds are Kami which are divine spirits. One such Kami was the Emperor Meiji who passed in 1912. In commemoration of his life individuals from all over Japan sent trees (100,000 total) which worked to create the forest which we visited. It is considered Tokyos grandest shrine.
See the attached weekly chart for my primary count forecast through 2012. I believe we are forming a 2nd powerful inverse head and shoulders with a neckline between 1200 and 1100. Once P2 completes either now or in the fall, then P3 will break this neckline which will propel the markets past the Oct 2007 high of 1575. You can clearly see this same inverse head and shoulders pattern on all major US Indices (i.e. DOW-30, Nasdaq, and Russel-2000). The 1st powerful inverse head and shoulders break-out occured in July 2009 when the SP-500 broke above the 950 neckline and propelled it to the 1220 by Apil 2010.
One of my favorite things to eat is seaweed salad. I usually buy sun dried wakame and make my own. I had this the other night...
Beat the eggs, egg yolks and sugar until light and foamy.
Romans 3:24
Mmm, no planning application yet but once Tesco get their teeth into something like this it's very difficult to stop, especially as the council will be saving millions. There's a danger that the supermarkets could drag more trade out of the town centre but let's face it there's only one bread shop and butcher's shop left in the town centre and they close by 5pm.
If you want to take a look at the first chapter of More Deaths Than One, click on My First Chapters off to your right.
This stout burger comes with fresh fixings and a whole wheat bun. I didn't realize until after my order arrived.. but you can substitute your bottomless steak fries for sweet potato fries for a little extra.
The issue I have with this kind of thing isn't that there are KIDS at my work. Boo! Hiss! ICKY!
This and the aforementioned coffee are what my breakfast consist of. I must say while eating the Greek yogurt I was thinking about how it is better for me than regular yogurt, and realized I have never looked up why this is.
1.) Cops and Robbers: The Interactive Version (Also known as Cops, Robbers, and children)
Stamps are of course from Penny Black - Toadily. Sentiment is from Imagine That.
A human soul must be respected. These people did not respect the human soul. The man was calm and kept his cool. He refused to be blindfolded, and insisted upon facing death with open eyes. They covered their faces, while his face was not covered. He stood solid as a mountain, and said the two parts of the shahada: “I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His messenger.” “I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His messenger.” He said: “I bear witness that there is no god but Allah,” but they did not let him complete it, and they beheaded him. The man died saying: “There is no god but Allah.” How can anyone curse a man, who says: “There is no god but Allah”? Anybody whose last words are “There is no god but Allah” goes to Paradise.
There were only a few months between our getting engaged and hitting the road, so I hit the Internet hard. We didn’t know anyone in North Carolina so everything had to be arranged blindly – the site for the ceremony, the Rabbi, the photographers, the music, the decorations, even the cake which we decorated ourselves including making our own topper.
Finally, Eesha’s wedding. My sister is getting married and we all know what weddings mean:
All right, so I'm supposed to tag people for both of these and make up 11 new questions for the last one. I'm gonna kind of cheat and say that anyone who wants to play along can. Consider yourself officially tagged.
Call it impressive. Call it disgusting. But any way you slice it, it was funny.
352 6. “S“Sr. Candida Lund, O.P. ’42 (1920-2000).” Dominican University, Winter 2002, pp. 18-19. (Source: Item D-III/18(A)/2001, below.) See Item B-15 (Projected), above, p.429 (2004).
Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2012) doi: 10.1093/jiplp/jps033, first published online: March 14, 2012
to the left, or to the right, and when to turn away.
I also sat down today to figure out how to set up some pace-specified workouts in my Garmin. Turns out it's not that hard to set up. You can easily set your intervals and the target pace and all kinds of things at the Garmin Connect website...
I ended up with about 75 cookies, and packaged them up into containers. In retrospect, I should have let the filled cookies firm up on a sheet pan in the fridge before packaging them, since the cream was kind of messy, but I had a dance party to get to! Note, however, that the cookies should be served at room temperature so the cookie and filling are soft.
There are two main planets that orbit Skaia; Prospit and Derse. The people of Prospit must protect Skaia while those of Derse will always try to destroy it. This battle is forever a stalemate until the players begin. Then evil (Derse) is always destined to win. When they do, the goal becomes to save Skaia.
But Matisyahu lives more or less a rock star lifestyle, with gigs and groupies and all the rest, he’s even had a song featuring Akon – isn’t that incongruous with his faith? He doesn’t think so: he still upholds all the traditions, and draws on Judaism when he writes his lyrics. He himself has said that “Chasidism [a type of Orthodoxy] teaches that music is ‘the quill of the soul’”, expressing things that words alone cannot. He prays and meditates before his performances, although after that he listens to Jay-Z and drinks wine. In his own words, “I’ve always had these two sides of myself … My music is about bringing them together.” A recent tweet saying, “Mazel Tov my bro,” also showcases this juxtaposition.
woebegone to those who have long gone
Publication Date: February 8, 2012
I am thankful for so many things this year. Way too many to list while I have a turkey to bake! I hope everyone (well, I guess only my American friends) has a wonderful Thanksgiving. And to those not celebrating, I hope you have a wonderful day as well.
It literally lasted a few hours, and only then because none of us could stuff anymore in! My mum was honoured enough to be saved a slice for today, which she ate with some relish I can tell you!
The Bookplan services uses litho printing and starts at £845 for a 64 page paperback book. This service includes the set-up and database listing, full colour cover, proof copy, ISBN/barcode insertion and a run of 400 author copies. Again, the author must supply a completed PDF file, with prices rising depending on page amount, trim size and additional colour page requirements. The author can purchase additional copies of a book at £50 per 100 copies (£0.50 per unit).
His voice lowered as they reached the edge of his camp. “No one really knows. Some say that he killed her. Others say that she disappeared with him into the night. But, on autumn nights, when the moon is full and the winds are high, they say that you can hear his dark laughter on the wings of night.” He stopped and smiled down at her. “And that, Briana, is why beautiful young girls are not to be traipsing about in the night where gypsies might kidnap them.”
I don’t know, maybe I have not been looking for work hard enough, or maybe I have been unrealistic about getting a job. Like I said, I have friends that are happy to just live life as it is, and if a job comes later, great, but right now life is without one. I have other friends who are on the highway to creating their future, meeting people, doing things that impact the world, and getting paid for it. Both of these groups are rich; richer than I am, because they have friends they meet through work, or through living in houses with millions of people and they meet other people, and other people and their social network grows. They all have people they can fall on outside of their parents homes.
Even with a broken leg and a suspension, he would have been itching to play at the Nou Camp that night. He’ll get his chance in a fortnight.
This does not mean that one has to get ghetto loud and obnoxious and tell someone “STOP FLIRTING WITH ME YOU DUMB MOFO OR YOU DUMB BIATCH! DON’T YOU SEE MY WIFE/HUSBAND/GIRLFRIEND/BOYFRIEND IS STANDING RIGHT HERE!?”
they forged a near-telepathic musical rapport with each other,
Is the album title “The Ever Burning Torch” a hint that you could not go another musical way? Is it an statement?
During rather a desperate episode where we were housebound due to chicken pox, I tried to make the girls their own tipi, using bamboo and some sheets. It was utterly rubbish (I blame the broken wrist).
You can also check out the previous 9 questions and their Analysis in the previous blog posts –
You don't want to miss it!
“We were mortified to learn that a team of people working on a Google project improperly used Mocality’s data and misrepresented our relationship with Mocality to encourage customers to create new websites. We’ve already unreservedly apologised to Mocality. ”
…that homosexuality was a “sin” that “breeds like cancer” and that marking LGBT History Month was like parading “unnatural, immoral behavior before the rest of us.”
Yes, you read that correctly. Terri List, a teacher in Michigan, is upset that with the new law in place she can't retire at the age of 47 with full health benefits. She is so upset that is ready to advise her students not to become a teacher in the state of Michigan. You see they have to start putting in 5% of their annual income (her current salary range is between $70-80K per year). She is being asked to contribute approx. $3750 per year over her career so that she will get full health benefits for life. Something that very few people receive anymore. Only the chosen few.
6. I’m Not Like Everybody Else (Demo)
Anyways, have a look at Sophi's Super Cozy Quilt!
Barbara’s head popped in around the doorframe and offered her husband the same comforting smile she had given him for more than five decades. Every time he made a decision, there it was. But this time, he hadn’t done anything at all.
Weight Watchers PointsPlus = 4 points (per 8 oz serving) There are 13 servings in this pot. YES – 4 freakin points. OMG.
Means: "I was wondering if that redhead over there is wearing a bra."
Submissions to the above email address would usually go to a junior reader, and if that reader is excited, they will pass it on to an editor. It has to be said that this process is much slower than submissions that come via agents who not only will pass it on to the editor directly, but probably know which editor to pass it on to (like everyone else, the taste of editors differ from one to another).
Now I'm back to them
Written by: Catherine Pulsifer
First of all. Go, Cubs, go!! Oh, wait, wrong sport.
Language is about communication not rules.
As a caregiver for my grandfather it is my obligation to care for him in all aspects of his life. Lately I have been really tested with the work it takes for caring for him. About two weeks ago he began to cough - and I feared the worse. We spent a day in the hospital only to wait over 10 hours be seen for 45 min, and be sent home with yet another prescription and the prognosis of acute bronchitis.
Some way to laugh
But one that I picked to try first was this recipe for chocolate pudding. "For utmost deliciousness," it said, "serve with whipped cream.
Do you have someone you want to thank? Why not head on over to join the first challenge on our new challenge blog. Plus, while you're there you'll see all the fabulous creations by the rest of the Design Team, almost all using brand new images. They're wonderful! I hope to see you play along!
Prior to dredging the chicken, season both sides of each breast with salt and pepper. Then, dredge each chicken breast in the Flour, then Egg, and finally Bread Crumb Bowls. If there are any bare spots, re-dredge with egg, and then bread crumbs to ensure an even coating.
This train, thieves and sweet souls departed
For me I find my writing is much more strongly affected by the emotions that music drives me towards rather than those upon which the musical choice was based. And while this may not affect my non-fiction writing (including this blog – although, yes, I am dancing right now in my recliner while writing this, because I am that awesome), it certainly influences my fictional writing, to the point that sometimes my story changes as a result. Suddenly a happy ending can turn into a bittersweet ending if I’m listening to, say, Pink Floyd, while The Beatles can bring a character out of the depths of despair, and The Flaming Lips can just send everything into chaos, and so on and so forth.
My throne is in the heaven's azure deep;
The ideology and group think resident among central bankers, however, says “halt, you can still develop infrastructure, but you must be disciplined by the ‘Father Knows Best’ wisdom of the markets.” This is highly problematic. First, it suggests there is something intrinsic to markets that always makes for better decisions than public sector managers. In effect, we are told that we must pay a fee (de facto tax) to private banks in the form of the higher prices they charge for credit over what states can as the price for the private sector’s ‘superior’ capacities of decision making on investments.
The personal status of religious communities shall be protected and respected.
13. Bells And Fairies
Word on the digital street regarding the less-than-a-year-old Lieu: get yourself there, the sooner the better – it’s absolutely ripe for a star. Trusting in the judgement of Chowhounders/TripAdvisors over those stuffed shirts at Michelin (kidding, please give me a job), we snag Easter Sunday lunch reservations at the chef’s table.
And usually twice each month,”
By Maureen Ryan
Here's a random sampling of what's rattling in my head:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Brush an 8-inch springform pan with butter on the bottom and sides. Coat the bottom and sides with amaretto crumbs, tapping out the excess. Put the raisins in a small bowl, and pour the rum over them. Let soak while you make the filling.
"I'll see you inside later guys, gotta get a drink in, I'm fucking dry as a whistle!"
Jalapeno Popper Dip
As is the case with both swing trading and position trading as well, a trader needs to have a trading strategy that has proven to be profitable and that the trader is comfortable executing. His plan must include risk management rules to adhere to if he is to achieve consistent success.
to remind us of our shared friendship and special times together.
For the most part, men have not had too much to say about the changes in the law but according to Evarist Kalish MP, a member of the Liberal party and the chair of parliament’s human rights committee, many men recognise that women may provide the best leadership.
This is a hard one! It's like making me choose between my children! I think for me, my favourite is also the one that means the most to me and speaks most strongly to me. That would be the Imagination Rules the World design. I think everyone can be imaginative and be creative, it's just about unlocking it and getting out of your mind! Art and design is such a subjective thing, and whenever people say to me "I can't draw" or "I wish I could draw" I just say to them "rubbish! anyone can draw!" because I genuinely believe that anyone can produce art. For me art is a physical expression of whats in a persons mind, and if you can put pen to paper (or any other medium, sculpture, model etc) and create something that is unique and has meaning to the artist then that to me is art, no matter how "wrong" or "bad" it looks.
There's no other way of putting it: when you no longer want to wallow in a pit of despair, when you're ready to face the day again; when you know they're an idiot, you've stopped crying and just want to bloody get on with it, you can guarantee there'll be a little heart pang ready to hold you back.
Short Answer: No (provided you stick to normal cooking temperatures)
If ever I do write a story about a funeral director, I shall feel obligated, I think, to call it "The Impresario."
Me: OK, they were drawbridges
When twenty-five-year-old Mary Stuart learns she inherited a farm from her recently murdered grandparents -- grandparents her father claimed had died before she was born -- she becomes obsessed with finding out who they were and why someone wanted them dead.
The number of people who agreed: 93%. Notice that no real reason was given this time—obviously, everyone waiting for the Xerox machine had to make copies. Yet nearly as many people agreed as when a real reason was given.
I can’t go back to being silent.
Believe in nothing, believe me,
Award-winning investigative journalist Charles Fishman delivers a persuasive, fascinating, and urgent primer on the history and future of water. He takes you from a factory in Vermont with water so clean it is considered poisonous, to villages in India that have 24-hour-a-day cell phone service but no water service at all. Fishman has spent the last three years circling the globe — from Las Vegas to New Delhi — to uncover how the world of water is changing, and what the enormous implications are for each of us, no matter where we live.
It's that time of year where I feel a strong compulsion to wear black lace and adorn myself with talisman's of the occult. It's also about the time I usually start obsessing over Halloween too, and like many others, the first seeds have sown themselves in regard to Halloween costumes. Here's a quick outfit I threw together for my mini shopping spree the other day, it's not a favourite of mine but I do dig that headband something rotten.
As we ate, the hostess stood at her post and watched our every move, apparently having nothing else to do to fill her time. It was truly pathetic.
Rosario Dawson is appalling – with exaggerated head bobbing (just pose dagnamit) and over-acting to burn.
4. “Martí: The Eye of the Canary” (Cuba, directed by Fernando Pérez): From the director of “Suite Habana” comes this straightforward and dramatically compelling portrait of Cuban patriot José Martí as a young man.
At my twelve is 2012, all 365 days of it.
Despins describes the period with fondness: “We started going to the cinema. I loved the French New Wave, I loved the way they were shot so spontaneously, or at least gave the impression of spontaneity.” This being the 1960s, the European Art Movie was at its height, with new films from Fellini, Bergman, Antonioni, Truffaut, Godard, Resnais and many others regularly filling theatres. Despins recalls that there were two opposing camps at the time: “There were two schools – Antonioni and Fellini – and I was always very much on the Fellini side! I felt, rightly or wrongly, that Antonioni was more cerebral, more measured, whereas I just liked Fellini's joie-de-vivre. That wonderful scene in 8½, the woman Saraghina, when she comes out and dances, you know - Life!” British cinema was going through its ‘kitchen sink drama’ phase, towards which Despins felt ambivalent: “I enjoyed Saturday Night and Sunday Morning, Karel Reisz, Tony Richardson. I would go the cinema a lot but I wasn't so enamoured or obsessive about the films that were more political. We were kind of living in our little cocoon, and it didn't involve class, so the whole class obsession that we felt there was in Britain didn't touch us. But we were sympathetic to them - we understood. I come from quite a poor background in Canada, so I feel that my position politically is always going to be for the have-nots rather than the haves. Neither Bill nor I felt we were really part of the 'swinging' London scene, we just missed out at our age, but I thought it was fantastic. When we first arrived I used to see the suits that were being sold in the shops and they were just so fuddy-duddy. There was a sense of something static, and suddenly there was an eruption. There was without doubt going to be progress, and things were never going to be the same again.”
Cole worked Midnight into a similar formula as Plastic Man. Namely, that of a sane man surrounded by loonies. However, with Midnight, there were a few misfires that may have seemed like a good idea at the time, but which leeched a great deal of potential out of the series. These misfires included moving Dave Clark’s inventive streak (he invented the vacuum gun) to Doc Wackey and surrounding the hero with a whole family of sidekicks so that no one single character ever got enough air time to develop of as anything more than a two-dimensional figure in the story.
(what would you do
I like to think that the Teich Archive has an additional element that sets it apart from these other postcard collections and gives it a unique visual voice. Upstairs in the Teich Archives dozens of metal file cabinets stand like upright treasure chests holding little gems of the past. Over 100,000 art files used by the Teich artists to create postcards from 1925 through the mid-1950s are housed in these cabinets. Some files are empty, but others may contain tiny watercolor sketches of the final postcard created by the artists for the customer’s approval, original packaging, carpet samples, wallpaper and dozens of other artifacts from the last century. I‘ve seen a sample package of Dr. Witzel’s Cigarettes for Asthmatics, Art Deco inspired carpet pieces, a snapshot of Thomas Edison that someone had thumbtacked to a wall, and real peacock feathers in those files. More importantly these elements of twentieth century life, this odd little collection of visual snippets or perhaps the only remaining photos of buildings that have been demolished for decades, exist nowhere else. Because the contents of these files have yet to be cataloged, there is always an element of anticipation when you pull one from the cabinet.
All is going to back to the base. You can go crying as a disobedient child or go laughing as a child who is so keen of new adventures. Like it or not LIFE is taking you there. Decisions are yours on how you want to go.
What gives you your nationality?
stickles gilitter - 'icicle/frosted lace'
Galinsky said the frame of the film was a matter of storytelling, to balance a personal story and the breadth of the conflict.
Start by selecting what you would like to cut out. I wanted to cut out the children's names... so I did a J&E. I used my Cricut. You can pretty much put anything. I cut it out twice, because I didn't know which direction it would need to be on the ornaments. You can know that it is the correct way, not the backwards way. Then you put that on the ornament... being that ornaments are round and the letters were made on a flat piece of paper... you need to make small cuts in it to be able to get it to go around the ornament in a way in which all the little pieces go down... take your time...
And she caught on pretty quickly. What you can’t see is the ball she threw unassisted went into the next lane and rolled back down to us. She’s not quite got the muscle power yet to heave it up there….so I actually rolled most of them.
I'll still keep this blog up though, so you can read back on all of the cool stuff I've made and gushed about hahaha
And that’s OK.
4. Paint on the background color. This is where you’ll use your rollers. This is also a great place to have small helpers assist with the painting. Since it’s all the same color, it’s harder to go wrong, and everyone is happy. When you paint, be sure that your drop cloth is under the space you’re painting (obvious, but you’d be surprised how often you and/or helpers wander off the tarp, and then proceed to drip all over the floor, step in the paint and walk on the carpet…). I would even recommend taping the tarp up to the wall, right up to the border of the mural, so that paint does not inadvertedly drip on the wall.
I drank another beer that they had, and I paid for it. Trina apologized for not having the beer I had ordered first, and said the next one would be on them. Unfortunately, I had to leave. I tried to find my jacket, but the place was getting very busy, so they had moved it around. I got a little anxious trying to find my jacket, but I located it on a planter. The crowd was now women and men in their 40s-50s.
“And,” Jack added, “what does any of this have to do with me and Dora?”
I am sooo sorry that I haven't been writing in my blog for sooo long... I have been busy helping my Granny pack! She is moving up to Dawson Creek! Mom and Dad have left the farm to help move the furniture and boxes... They are now in Hundred mile and are soon to be here tomorrow... Granny and I have packed over 30 boxes now and soon to be more:) Anyways I thought I would let you know!
So with some elbow grease, power tools, and ingenuity, this is the final product, which is still used in the aquarium lab today: Octopus Enrichment: The Obstacle Course
They didn’t follow. They were too busy fighting over the bone.
- 4-5 med/large potatoes
To make the sauce combine the yogurt, tahini, lemon juice, salt and garlic, combining with a whisk or a fork.
Wishing you all a Happy Easter weekend.
But, having been in Auckland for a month now and being unable to find a pool close enough to conveniently and frequently get to, I’ve had to find something else to do. (Not counting my bike commutes up & down steep volcanic cones.)
Bachelor’s degree (BA or BS) required
I feel the moment of truth is upon us as the barkeep looks one last time at us and then looks over to his lone customer who has been sitting quietly, clearly amused by the scene playing out in front of him. At last the bartender turns to his other customer and says:
Rita Robinson from LADOT also spoke in support of the Mayor’s interest in bicycle safety and infrastructure. In regards to safety, she emphasized that the 3 Foot Passing Law really means 3 feet beside, behind and beyond.
wow, lots of whoopin and hollering going on here- I better tone it down a bit...
Basic Necessities:
11:00am. I was now on a long-distance bus that slowly maneuvered the many miles of capital city sprawl. Destination: the city of Oruro an easy three hours south. I hoped to arrive by 3:30pm in order to catch the train to Uyuni, a dusty town that bordered the world’s largest salt flat. Plenty of time, I thought ignoring the Van Dam movie explosions and gun clicks on the mounted TVs. Soon my world was a Radiolab podcast that comically explored the topic of chance. “What are the odds that somebody somewhere will win the lottery twice?…In Connecticut, employees of a place called Shuttle Meadow Country Club, they won twice. A man in Pennsylvania he won twice a few years later. A California retiree won a Fantasy Five and the Super Lotto in the same day. The odds of that were calculated at 1 in 23.5 trillion.” I fell asleep, cheek against the cold glass, slot machine numbers and the ghost of Butch Cassidy galloping in the distance.
Leave a comment on their blogs and let them know that they are nominated for this cute award!
One great definition of a scene is a moment when an emotion is articulated in some way, usually via action. In fiction and memoir this might be a run-in between two characters, a memory of a past event that still brings a surge of shame or delight, a conversation where someone doesn't get their hopes realized--or does. Scenes are small time capsules, potent because they contain more than is openly revealed. In nonfiction, a scene might be considered an anecdote that demonstrates the book's theory or a step of that theory. For instance, a weight loss book might contain a scene where a man stands in front of a pastry counter at the local grocery store, calculating his chances of getting a doughnut and getting outside before his wife, shopping in another aisle, notices. A nonfiction book on how to play the piano might contain "scenes" (or "islands," as I like to call them) that explain the keyboard.
After making payment,
They called me a slacker.
My bluebells are out !!!
Here's my card! I kept it simple as I wanted the bride's dress to stand out. The hearts in the background are cut with my Cricut. And the circles are cut with my Silhoutte. I haven't had alot of time to play with it, but what time I have had....I'm loving it! I love this little bride and groom they are so so precious! They are from this week's sponsor Digi Doodle Shop and you can find it Here . This week's winner will receive a $10.00 gift certificate towards some stamps!!!
PRINT MEDIA
A good friend of ours is offering to teach in your home. He’s a loving, patient dad to 2 children and understands Mozart won’t come over night.
Inhaling Zingers doesn't really help with the whole dieting thing. I know that; don't get your panties all in a bunch! But remember, I did all that walking! And it's all about calories in, energy out according to my new passive/aggressive friend, My Fitness Pal. My brother and sister-in-law have been using myfitnesspal.com for months now, and have both lost a significant amount of weight. My Fitness Pal helps you keep track of the number of calories you've eaten. I lost weight before by counting calories, but this is a bit easier because the website does all of the adding for you. I like that. The website asks you a bunch of nosey questions like how old you are, if you're a boy or girl, how much you weigh, and how much you want to weigh. Then it tells you how many calories per day you should consume in order to reach your goal weight. Every time you exercise, you document that online too, and you are given more calories to eat for that day. See how manipulative My Fitness Pal can be, making you exercise in order to eat more? Rat Bastard. But it's highly effective, if you manage to adhere to the calorie restrictions. Only time will tell how long I'll stick with it though. If you see me looking all skinny this summer, you'll know I stuck with it . If you see me shuffling through the aisles of Target in super baggy sweats with a case of dip in my cart, you'll know I gave up (more likely scenario). If that happens and you see me walking by and the tears are in my eyes, look away, please look away. Don't look at me, I don't want you to see me that way.
In closing, each of the participants gives a call to action.
This is the first think that I baked to go up on my blog, so I thought I would start with something simple. With the snow falling outside on Tuesday, I decided to make some of my grandma’s cupcake scones for my first post.
Seriously, I get to do this stuff! I get to see this stuff. I get to participate in this stuff! Amazing!
Established officially since 1708 near the Bécancour River, the W8linak community is located about twenty kilometers from Trois-Rivieres. This peaceful Abenaki community is distinguished by its wildlife preserve located in Haute-Mauricie. In all seasons, this area of 120 km2 and 40 lakes offers a main building with four rooms and seven furnished camps, outdoor enthusiasts led by experienced guides will canoe down the river, cross the lake, observe wildlife (bears, beavers, moose, deer, wolves, foxes) and participate in Indigenous culture by reviving the ancient lifestyle and traditions. A magnificent belvédère built by the Indigenous peoples will lead you to the heart of the forest or to a tree which has a story to tell.
So this is the latest glimpse of MomImpact's world HQ, artfully arranged.
As the month progresses, I'm planning on doing a little preview of what I'll be selling at my booth. For those of you who aren't here in Southern California, these items will be on my Etsy shop as well.
What I mean is in days of yore, the PCs framed themselves as the only ones who could defend Alberta’s values and resources from the rapacious designs of Eastern federal politicians such as Pierre Trudeau, Brian Mulroney, Jean Chretien or Paul Martin.
But, even with the limited time, I pause to enter this post to say one thing: what a relief it is, and a joy, to know the writing I am doing has this powerful a pull on me. To know that, even when it has to wait its turn, it is strong enough to leave me pacing and craving the work. Relentless: that’s the nickname of the motorcycle race coming up in Northern Ireland this month. I like that, as it fits the relentlessness of this urge I have to get this story down.
Kanye: "Well yeah you got serious junk in the trunk, your ass looks massive"
So now you know to go searching for The Ambiente when you get to Spain, but what next? Well, the Ambiente is very friendly which generally means many heterosexuals walk amongst us; So the next word (or question) you need to know is: ¿Entiende? You may already know that that word means Understand, but in gay slang it simply means: Gay. If you understand, you’re gay! So now you’re understanding and in a place of atmosphere. What else do you need to know?
Does this mean that the Unified Patent Court will get jurisdiction over existing or future SPCs based on national patents? Or maybe the Agreement is meant to refer only to SPCs granted on European patents but not national patents?
2. Melt 100 gm of the butter. Set aside to cool.
It is the rhythm that moves you. It is rhythm that moves all of us. Rhythm is actuality is the universal common denominator. Music is built on rhythm. Our bodies respond to rhythm, in fact they don’t just respond to it they operate on it; your heartbeat, breathing, brainwaves, hormone cycles – all rhythmic. The same is true for the natural world; the tides, lunar phases, seasons, precipitation cycles – all dependable, constant, predictable, and rhythmic. What about how we live? Everyday a flow of traffic is running a constant stop and go pattern. Most of us have a pattern of work and rest both daily and within a weekly rotation. We follow rhythms we've establish or have had established for us at work, day in day out, sun up sun down, breath in breath out – life has a rhythm.
Microsoft claims they own over 80% of the global browser market share - but that takes into account the market as a whole. This view is skewed because when you dig deeper you find all technology marketing managers actually split the market up using Diffusion of Innovation Theory. This split is seen as five technology adopter categories - innovators, early adopters, early majority, late majority, and laggards. If you look at each market individually, the claimed 80% market share is probably split very differently; my guess the IE market share being weighted greater than 90% for the Early/Late Majority, and less than 40% to the Innovators/Early Adopters.
Then again think of opportunity costs and compare utility: If the restaurant spending make up 10% of your budget, and sports only 10% – was the restaurant visits worth it? If yes – fine! If not – cut it down.
One man exhibitions are usually planned months, if not years, in advance. Images are processed to perfection, the images to hang are chosen after careful consideration, and the hanging plan given considerable thought.
no i lied about that second one haha
What do you think, brides cake or grooms cake?
sounds and which ones go together and which don't, it
Chowdhary (Om Puri) is a notorious kidnapping kingpin, who makes a living out of demanding ransom. Just when you think Chowdhary is a villain of sorts and some never-ending torture drama will unfold, we discover that Viren alias “chotu” is Chowdhary. Disapproving of his father’s ways, Viren has left home six years ago to work in Patiala as a rickshaw driver. The story unfolds and leads to a dramatic climax involving a shiny horse and a beautiful car!
Amanda: My goal is to be obtuse.
I completed the story of my art card with a coat of Magic Transparent Pearl Pen over the center triangle of the iris fold design to represent the shimmering water where the mosaic steps disappear further down into the portal!
Oh how sad it is, when I feel bored. I hate it so much because I always feel a niggling of guilt…is there something I could be doing creatively, should I finally tidy my room? But when I am faced, like today, with a full day and nothing to do it does rather bring me down. Even my little sister is going out with her friends!
That may be a shock to some of you, and I'm truly sorry. This is such a difficult thing, I know, but remember that God can help you get through anything.
Also... Don't forget to tune in next Tuesday when our next mystery author will be announced...
'These comments and questions help a kid focus his attention on his feelings and thoughts rather than on his accomplishments. He is talking about what he did and self assessing. By emphasizing the process rather than the product, the kid will realize that it's the trying that counts.' Myrna Shure
The same old fears.
to breathe
Second, and I bring this up to many students as a college speaker, is to work a very simple pitch that has links, not attachments and is formatted in an easy and respectful read.
Name: Wan Abdullah Wan Salleh
Sin, if a woman looks less beautiful than it could be.
And watched them.
Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Building - The building is 25,200 square feet and its two great wings are 55 feet high. The great fountain in the center court, 120 feet high, plays a "synchronous symphony of color, sound and water."
Also - I've got four copies of Pearl Girls: Encountering Grit, Experiencing Grace to give away. I have randomly selected four winners from those who entered to win the necklace.
Neptune Collonges
The Industry Rendez-Vous will feature the new Frontières International Co-Production Market. Frontières is the first international co-production market to connect North-American with Europe and Australasia, in an environment focused specifically on genre film production.
Ultravox Dancing with tears in my eyes UK
I took a sip, and to misuse a metaphor, the carpet matches the drapes. Good Lord Almighty, SUGAR RUSH. After the sugar, somewhere in there I tasted roasted coffee, and finished with a hell of a lot of booze. This is dessert in a bottle.
And , of course to keep things running smoothly in the kitchen, and to regale me with his witty observations when I pop back to the kitchen to check if all is well, the butler with the best dry remarks has to be... well, Niles of course!!!
American “prosecution disclaimer” has been an evolving doctrine that started from an unsupported statement by the late Giles Sutherland Rich in a mid-1980’s opinion that finds no Supreme Court case law foundation cited by Judge Rich. It is now eight years since Professor Thomas explained the wisdom
Set on a post-apocalyptic Earth, this fantasy adventure follows the story of Avatar, the kindly, eccentric sorcerer-ruler of Montagar, a rainbow paradise inhabited by elves and fairies. Avatar's evil brother, Blackwolf, dominates Scortch, a bleak land of goblins and wraiths. When the power-hungry Blackwolf attacks Montagar, Avatar, accompanied only by a spirited young woman and a courageous elf, must enter the darkness of Scortch to save his world.
Improvements grant
Over the years I have attended many events at the Village Hall but none has been as full of joy as this one. Sam’s spirit seemed among us.
We started off with a couple of cocktails – absolutely delicious!! Mine, on the left, was a lemongrass something-or-other. It absolutely hit the spot! Perfection. I’m not sure what the amiable Ms A had – but she seemed to enjoy it. I’m afraid my trip to the US (with its amazingly cheap cocktails) has started a bit of a bad habit for me… just love them!!
The Stranger came and tricked the heart
Hair:- E35. 31. YR20. Clothes:- BV31. 23. 25. B000. 00. 02. Umbrella:- BV31. 23. 25. Blender Pen. Boots:- BV29. 25. 23. B02. 00. 000. Grounding:- BG96. 93. YG91. 95. Skin:- E13. 02. 01. 000. R20. (I tried out some new tones here, as I wanted a slightly more ‘peachy’ effect. And I’m really happy with the colour I acheived. Smiles.)
With your life's actions to rehash
So are we going to just roll over and give up? Someone, somewhere wants Mr Wilders and all of us to spout lies on pain of punishment; inconveniently for some, Wilders has decided to stand up and tell the truth, despite everything, even the very real threat of a horrible death.
Occasionally, they’re right beside you on your current form of transportation. (No sudden movements, people!)
I had a bottle of this a few months back, and I was completly enamored with it, and I had to trade for another two bottles of this beer. I am a fan of Russian River, and I've only been let down by one of their beers, and they have lived up to the hype for me personally. I love a good beer from Belgium, but I also like when an American company knocks it out of the park as well, and this beer is no excpetion for Russian River.
At our last ultrasound 3 weeks ago bubs was sitting in breech, our OB told us not to worry that bubs will probably spin of its own accord into the normal head down, 'vertex' position. That they don't start to worry until around 37 weeks when bub should be in the right position.
Fact; I have my OWN style. c:
As soon as you know exactly why your best fitting pair of shoes fit so well, locate shoes which have comparable design or are made from comparable materials, and you must not have too many problems ordering the selection of shoes on the web.
The CNN correspondent has been known for occasionally stepping into controversy. In 2006, heaired partial footage of militants stalking and killing US troops, prompting then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to declare that “CNN has now served as the publicist for an enemy propaganda film.”
I know its a pity that we had to go through that and learn this way but i do believe that it gave us both a very good lesson.
PAUL: I want to make a quick comment, because Newt’s mentioned this quite a few times about balancing the budget for four times. I went back and looked at the record.
C'est que ça pèle
It's been over a year since i last made a blog entry..i sort of disappeared into my own world, waiting for the storm to pass...there's still some thunder, lightning and some howling winds, but i can't let another year pass by waiting...My new years resolution for 2010 was to regain my life, even if it meant being a little shipwrecked...
My mother and father
Level 18: STR: +54, Increases your attack speed.
Here’s the complete task from start to finish! He’s so patient. (Steve is patient too!)
As Malaysians, we love and respect our Sultan and Raja.
★ Add text notes
“It sounds impossible, Darcy,” I said. “We might as well get started.”
Shoyoroll - I’m not talking about the “S” with three dots that is embroidered on the sleeves of Shoyoroll gi’s, but the more elaborate crest that appears on their patches and on the skirt of some of their gi’s, such as the Yank. Originally from Guam, Shoyoroll’s Bear Quitugua invokes his origins in many of the company’s designs. The bold script typeface invokes the graffiti aesthetic so fundamental to the brand identity. The circular logo with the company name wrapped around the outer perimeter is a very common design, often seen in hockey and soccer teams. The protruding text and the lightning creates a highly dynamic design.
I'm so desperate for fall I'm ignoring the warm weather outside and celebrating the first day of Autumn (technically it's at 10:09 pm CDT) time tonight.
Department of Pharmacology, Government Medical College, Aurangabad.
While I was buying new jeans I came across a beautiful pair of Rag and Bone boots. They were a simple leather boot with a black canvas strap up the side of the boot. It was a stunning turn on the stable black boot. I looked for the price tag but the lack of one said to me that it was sure to be out of my price range.
the depth of the descent, when you came among us. it was almost as if your understanding was darkened, your power and insight lost.
Botswana alone donated $70 million.
To venture out, who'd dare?
Cream’s and Blake’s remarks point to what could be termed a remediation of research practices as print and digital interact, and both their talks highlighted searching as perhaps one of the most significant reconfigured practices. And indeed the concept of searching has undergone major reformulations in the digital environment. While accessibility and quickness of obtaining results are often seen as digital archives’ main advantage over print, a key benefit of digital collections resides in their enabling users to traverse immense areas of texts multi-directionally. Put another way, what seems radically different about searching in the digital world is not merely unprecedented access and speed, but rather the ways one can alter search strategies instantaneously, shifting not only the search terms employed at a moment’s notice but also the temporal and spatial coordinates in which those terms are placed. This capability expands the ways we are approaching the search as a strategy, opening up new conceptualizations even as we retain the habits and training we acquired working with print. As Wired magazine’s Kevin Kelly has observed: “What search uncovers is not just keywords but also the inherent value of connection…Search opens up creations. …As a song, movie, novel or poem is searched, the potential connections it radiates seep into society in a much deeper way than the simple publication of a duplicated copy ever could” (Kevin Kelly, “Scan this Book!” New York Times, 14 May 2006).
-addendum: iPod just switched to Elliot Smith; Miss Misery is the first track. Gotta love being in synchronicity with life, the universe and everything. Say isn’t Towel Day coming up?
These students are calculating the cost of the items on their list.
Ms A is always a light eater – so she opted for some steamed vegetables. Our waiter wasn’t satisfied with her choice though – and put a bit of pressure on her to have the Roti Bread as well. He just didn’t seem to understand that she really just wanted steamed vegies. She ended up ordering the bread to assuage him, but she didn’t really eat it in the end!! That was slightly bizarre – but I can appreciate he was just looking out for her – but perhaps if the customer insists a couple of times, maybe they know what they want.
You may recall that I once did a Cheryl and Co Review and Giveaway where I talked about how good their products were and how the cookies could actually crumble in my hand. Well, having had a good experience with them, I thought it was safe to actually place an order with them (for various reasons). I’m sad to report that I was wrong.
The kids have been awake every morning at a really stupid hour because jetlag is a bitch. The first morning found all four of us piled in our bed, looking at the Space Needle and eating Nacho Cheese Doritos at 3:00 a.m. The early hour sucked but I really love Nacho Cheese Doritos, so all in all a pretty good morning.
The evening before the date, my aunt called me and told me to steer clear of my prospective date. She said he was crazy and not something I would want to look at. I called my cousin to ask her why she would do this to me, but she convinced me that her mom was full of it and that everything would be fine. Needless to say, I was a bit wary.
I have long admired Jenny's works, but this quilt really took my breath away. To give you and idea of the size of this quilt, I was at a quilt show earlier this year and as I walked between the rows, a man standing at the end of the row caught the corner of my eye and I did a double take. It wasn't actually a man, it was this quilt, hanging at the end of the row. When you stand looking at the quilt, he is basically life sized and the way the quilt was hung meant that you were looking at him in the eye.
The Andromeda Alliance, never ones to be seen as sound of mind on any day, good or bad, had been picking at us with small skirmishes up until that point, almost like trying to carve through our defences with little more than a chisel, and only then did they throw a hell of a jackhammer our way: a hundredfold extra footsoldiers emerged from the sea like the dreaded fish-people you hear about in 20th-century horror stories, backed up by as many as fifty 54-ARK amphibious tanks and a couple of 57-OMP bipedal assault suits marching across the continental shelf like it were a paddling pool.
Olive green long wig. I'll be using this for Pokemon Gijinka cosplay as Bellossom!
While those three things definitely need to be a huge part of your marketing strategy, I truly believe there is more we can do to stand out. My goal is not to be known as every other insurance agent who has called or stopped by. I want clients and potential clients to remember me. To want to stay with me because they feel they know me. And to refer me to others not only because I can do a great job for them, but because I’m not the same as every other agent they’ve ever come across.
Chris loves to hang out at home on his vacations
It’s not some special way you walk
Poured about 1/8 of an inch of beer, and several inches of foam. When that settled down, the beer was a coppery brown like a bock, with a head that would never go away. Which is usually a good thing, but not now.
13 wines served to go with the 5 courses! ! !
Short Film (Documentary): Saving Face
DATE and TIMES: Saturday, May 26, 2012 from 9:30am-12:00pm
Finally I would like to ask all readers this question, are these the type of people you want running YOUR party and YOUR country?
Metal Claw
Product(s): Ground beef products - establishment 761
Blimey where has the last fortnight gone? It's time for another fab challenge over at ABC and this time our very own lovely Cinzia has chosen 'N is for Neutral' so this time think soft pastels and neutral tones.
Hero ImpulseIn spite of becoming the 2nd biggest motorbike marketplace on the world, the actual Indian native motorbike area offers usually experienced an enormous gap with regards to variety of goods. During your time on st. kitts happen to be a few daring endeavours within the circumstance associated with off-roaders as well as cruising motorcycles, their own manufacturers possess still did not maintain the vapor heading. The actual off-roader section particularly retains incredible possible within Indian, however absolutely no producer has received just one good providing because the Bajaj SX Moto occurred within the nineties. However everything is placed to improve using the introduction from the amazing off-roading device through Leading man MotoCorp, the actual Leading man Behavioral instinct, that appears perfect for Indian native highways and it is an extremely required photo within the equip for your continuously growing Indian native two-wheeler business.
ounger Brothers The Younger brothers were an important portion of the James-Younger Gang of the mid-west during the 1800's. They came from a family with fourteen children, though only four of the brothers - Cole, Jim, Bob and John - were involved in the gang. Their father, Henry Younger, was a good man, a prosperous land owner and, despite having slaves, a Union supporter who felt slavery should be abolished (I know...I'm confused, too).
5 1- by 3-inch adhesive strips to cover cleaned wounds
Although we are "on the road" all the time, we spend most of our days not traveling, but parked at a campground (or occasionally the home of a friend). Usually there is plenty to do outdoors wherever we are ... walking, hiking, exploring, biking, playgrounds, waterways, beaches, rocks. But sometimes we're looking for indoors fun. And sometimes we're traveling and want a break in the middle of the day that will stimulate but not leave us all needing showers. Our salvation in times like these is the ASTC passport program.
We drove to the funeral home. We met with the rabbi. We were allowed to see Jake one last time. Once again I begged him to open his eyes. He did not. Evan and I sang to Jake. We drove to the cemetery behind the hearse. I knew there were a lot of people around but all I could see was Jake’s tiny casket. I could not take my eyes off of it. It took all of my will power not to jump into the ground with the casket. I swore that if we ever had to bury another child that I wanted to be buried too. Later I would have to take those words back.
Thank God that Ron Paul has finally renounced that disrespectful joke that appeared in his newsletter in 1992 about how the riot ended on May 1, 1992 because the looters stayed home to await their welfare checks. What a scandal. Some things are too sacred to joke about.
I don't want to be married to the person whom I was married to for 10 years (Fun fact: 10th anniversary happened 6 days before the divorce was final). I don't want her back, ever. She did awful things to me; things I can't forget.
Nicole says she thought about filing a restraining order right away, but didn't. She didn't sleep well that night, or the whole week for that matter. She had a male co-worker meet her in the parking lot every morning before work, and every night he walked her to her car. "I didn't go anywhere without someone by my side, and had to have my sister take me to the grocery store."
2 attention
but seed conscious. If you don’t have enough to meet your need, then
Confused? Here are some examples of this cause and effect:
Homebirth is a basic aspect of midwifery practice. It allows the practitioner an opportunity to develop a strong midwife identity, accepting the authority in decision-making at any time in the episode of care, and particularly at the time of birth. Homebirth is 'PLAN A' - the woman giving birth spontaneously, without medical intervention, and the midwife acting in harmony with normal physiological processes.
Such divisions create the potential for hate. But it is only when Kanye appears to hate himself, as he does periodically throughout the song, that he can rejoice and endorse the ‘screams’ of the haters. In such instances, when he hates himself, they are right to hate him. The music of their hate chimes a note of ambivalence: when they hate him, they are jealous; when they hate him, they are right – he deserves it.
I had this metal butterfly in a drawer. I thought it would be nice to connect the tag and the frame with something, so I painted it with white Gesso and distressed it with Distress Ink Walnut Stain.
As you all know who read this blog regularly, I have great friends. The ones who I want to introduce you to in this post are my buddies Tat & Is. Tat is a writer who Ricardo & I met while she was studying creative writing at the UEA and Is is her partner. They are one hell of a special pair.When Richard was ill, Tat would send the most wonderful letters with pictures and poems and sparkling stars that fell out as soon as you opened the heart covered envelopes. There was one in particular that I put up next to the bed so Richard could see it as soon as he woke in the mornings. It was a huge full colour picture of Desmond Tutu beaming out of the page in his vibrant purple cassock with his hands opening toward you in a heartfelt blessing. It made you feel good to just look at it.
Such a thorough review, and so thoroughly reflects my thoughts on the film that I have little to add beyond this very minor quibble. Sometimes the filmmakers engage in a bit of narrative sleight of hand, withholding information from the audience in order to have their "tada!" moments, suddenly springing key developments upon the audience in a rather unnecessarily manipulative way.
Summed up: So what if Sherlock Holmes had a sister - the very epitome of female cunning, with all her brother's brilliant powers of deductions, and then some, to the point that even the great detective himself couldn't keep up? Wonderful idea? I thought so.
225g self raising flour
Investment and miscellaneous property debt (excluding property operational but including Carisbrook) carries debt of $33.869m. Here is a portfolio the DCC could do without. Investments like this are for organisations having a debt/equity ratio much much healthier than the DCC’s. Sold up, this portfolio could remove that debt and release the equity for further debt reduction. I recently did an exercise on this aspect and emailed it to Dave Cull copied to Paul Orders. Response? Zilch!
Mara Wilson (Mrs. Doubtfire)
There were Boer civil wars from 1863 - 1869 among the districts of the Transvaal Republic.
With gentle force the filbert's flow, softens curving edges while
Here's a house for sale in the town I grew up in:
It’s NOT numb!
2 PM
4.) The character in question ‘trolls’ the guards in every city.
And here I stand
(If you are still reading, I am sorry. This has clearly turned into more of a rant than anticipated.)
Walls of barriers cannot seize my desire
“Is there any chance you’re pregnant?” I laugh so hard, I snort.
I choose to love myself unconditionally, no matter how many mistakes I make in life! Amen!
I have wanted to make monogram cards for a while now. I decided today was the day. This is a 4x4 card. I cut the two squares on it from George and Basic Shapes, the scalloped square is from Winter Woodland and the M is from Paper Lace. The black layer is embossed with D'vine swirls, which is probably my favorite Cuttlebug folder, the Ribbon is from Michael's. I clearly went for the "faux" stitching and used my black Sakura Jelly Roll pen for that. They are simple, but I love how they turned out.
I went into a deep meditation seeking union with spirit and feeling a heartfelt desire to be of help in some way. The following words came into my mind … to be shared with all, to offer us peace and assurance regarding the tragic events of 9/11, September 11, 2001.
We already have far too many migrants living here, but what harm will a few more do, eh?
Sometimes, I don’t like cleaning
Mark 11: 24-25 (NIV)
Random blue dots: Nubar Nail Art Pen - Blue Frost
So after very little sleep last night (no fault of my children, just my brain's inability to shut off), we were up this morning, packing lunchboxes, putting on school uniforms, taking photos. Jack and Phoebe had some lovely pictures taken on the front step, before Phoebs accidently pushed the school boy onto the concrete. He left quite a bit of knee-skin on the driveway, poor little man! After some magic cream, a few hundred Simpsons bandaids and some Mummy-cuddles, we were back on track. I managed to get the team into the car and on the road by 8:15, which I thought was quite a good effort. And then we arrived at school. (Deep breath...)
I’m thinking of organising my own book burning session, of walking in the footsteps of the Reverend Terry Jones, that intellectual giant, defender of mom, apple pie and the American way. But my particular animus is not directed against the Koran, no; it’s another book altogether: it’s Tony Blair’s A Journey.
This is why 1 Thessalonians 4.13-18 speaks not of “rapture” in the sense of being taken out of this world before it is destroyed, but of humanity going out to meet Jesus and ushering him in with all due praise and adoration (as the citizens of a city do when a dignitary arrived for a visit). Therefore, the question this text asks of us is not whether or not our car will be “unmanned” or “unwomaned” at the “rapture,” but what kind of world will we welcome Jesus to when he returns?
400-500 £7.39
The Realtor's Hymn. .........................I've Got a Mansion Just over
(That is a hell of a name huh?)
I was happy when it was time to head to dinner with my dear friend Beth & her husband Damian (neither of whom are artists), so that I could leave the pondering of whys behind. So I'm sure you can guess what one of the first questions out of Damian's mouth was....and then the next morning at Blicks while discussing rendering with an architect I got the same question.
I'm not afraid because I know,
7 minute video
I’d finally figured out how to order from the Taiwanese payeasy website, and I hauled myself both BeautyMaker Love Pu Pu Cheeks, and a @Nature sunblock. I love the system of ordering online and picking up your order from a convenience store! Super duper convenient as Taiwan’s streets are full of convenience stores such as 7-11, Family Mart and Hi-Life.
Saturday, July 21
The traditional way of serving is by wrapping the glutinous rice together with the sambal in banana leaf. The aroma of the spices in the sambal together with the banana leaf is mouth watering. Hope you will try this dish.
06/20 - Concord, CA Sleep Train Pavilion
One set of parents tried to scrape out some kind of living with petty crime, like bookmaking and running card games.
It was kind of surreal to look over the little development sheet they give parents at these routine preventative appointments.
39. The Vinyl Skyway-Return Of The Dead Surfer (Self-Released)
Have a blessed week!
Now I am all for free speech, even of such falsehoods and outrageous and despicable fabrications as what Louis Farrakhan has just spewed forth here. That said, how does this fool have any credibility with anybody other than those that want to believe these lies based on their faith in such things and an abject hatred of all things American?
with the beauty of my heart writing some soul
The beers they've sent are (from left to right)...
Life During Wartime
“Then you are the Ancient One…” Hemmingbyrd interjects, but Moskk does not take his eyes off of Sir Elm, as he continues to circle the group.
i, naked, so bare: for barefoot souls
When they came in, they sat in the back of the room. The entire time I kept thinking to myself how badly I wanted to go talk to them and hear their story because Heath and I very much so have envisioned are family similar to what we were seeing. And he was just the cutest little boy and so cuddly I couldn’t just watching him!
papers - white card embossed with cuttlebug 'swiss dots/snowdots
Just raising the figure isn’t sufficient, so long as there are corporate slaveholders like Walmart who make everyone “casual” employees. Even when the baboons in Washington rouse themselves to belatedly raise the minimum wage, they stupidly enter a fixed figure in the bill, which quickly falls behind inflation. Under our plan, we will create a minimum wage law that sets the wage as a variable linked to inflation, price indexes, etc. Presto! No need to ever pass another bill!
DeMarco was charged with possession of a controlled substance and tampering with evidence. She was being held at the jail on $2,000 bond on Wednesday.
(And always have been hisses an ancient echo).
Working full time is killing me! I know I know...sad huh?
Traditional and Timeless
Instead, I cried because I felt so much more pressure knowing I’d have a daughter. I had assumed that my husband would be primarily responsible for teaching him how to pee in the potty and for having “the talk” around puberty.
Shit get’s real at the 1:15 mark.
Isn't Michelle's card just the cutest!?! If one of your New Year's resolutions is to get one of your projects published, check out the current calls list and submit your creations for the next issue!
Dark Passage
"Hear what?" Daphne said.
One of the best things that the government could do (perhaps APPG could help here?) would be to find some money to fund a campaign that informs doctors and medical schools about what ME really is and how severely it affects people. What is to be gained by the government's recognition of ME as a neurological condition, if the NHS, benefits agencies and medical insurance companies do not also accept this classification? We believe there are many reasons for this ignorance but if we could counter some of the misinformation, patients at least may receive a less hostile reception when they do seek help.
Butter a shallow casserole and layer with half
Tragically, Americans love myths (no matter how blatantly contrived) about themselves.
GSMC initially put the magnitude of the earthquake at 5.8 and indicated Georgia’s village of Zemo Kedi in Dediplistskaro district as its epicenter.
Amateur porn hour goes badly to say the least, again, I’m sadly not a producer of porn, but if I was I’m fairly certain I’d have utilised my given space and time in a better manner than a bit of girl on girl writhing, I’d have also probably suggested that, given her semi-conscious state, Daisy probably isn’t best placed for anything requiring coordination like climbing atop a ghost town bar, or walking and I definitely wouldn’t have allowed the arse with the badly constructed beard to join in the action. Fortunately for everyone this erotic interlude is short lived as poor scrawny, semi-conscious Daisy comes over all queasy and makes a run for freedom. To her credit she manages to run a fair old way before she finally succumbs to some violent vomiting, less to her credit she then proceeds to stumble about bare foot in some wasteland littered with broken glass, but ultimately this is really the least of her worries as, before she has time to worry about tetanus, El Mascarado proves himself less of an urban legend and more of a crazy man in tights and swiftly puts her out of her misery, and rips off her face.
Did you know that there are places at Drayton Hall where you can stand before a brick in the wall and place your fingers in the indentations left by the fingers that formed that brick more than two and a half centuries ago? Unless you make a habit of staring at brick walls you probably wouldn’t know this. I only mention it because my colleague Joe Mester and I have spent an inordinate amount of time staring at bricks lately, and as such, have had ample opportunity to think about the hands that made them.
immediately left him and went for
It is difficult for me to believe that Mitt will be the rights puppet as first and foremost he is representing the Mormon Church. It is history that tells us that once Grover Norquist seals the deal by guaranteeing the votes, then his candidate of choice has no ability to go back on the deal made. With Mitt’s soul already spoken for by the Mormon Church the negotiations will take time as we have seen already with the delay of the Santorum endorsement. Anyone who believes it is just because they don’t like each other after a dirty primary run, is either naive or misleading themselves or the American public. Mitt, personally, does lean more moderate, but he is being reinvented as I write this. We will know if and when he does agree to the pressure of ,Grover Norquist, as when he does he will gain the full support and endorsement of Rick Santorum and his constituency.
Debt crisis
-’80′s Aerobics Video Instructor Janet Judy Tran: Aerobics videos appear to be an obscure interest of K-Wiig’s. She didn’t convince the rest of us to share this interest, but she did try. C+
13 The Jean Genie
Tell me what you like…what you don’t like….what inspires you…..and what society most needs. As always……you rock!!!!!
The count down has begun, again. Our vacation officially starts in T-minus 6 days. I cannot wait. We are flying into Spokane, Washington and driving the four hour drive across the border this year. (Way cheaper!) Check out here, my countdown last year to our vaca!
because you have the potential
Why are the same posts being re-written over and over again. It's all been said before. And would people just stop freaking tweeting about their books and promoting themselves non-stop?! I want to stab everyone with a fork. My online world sounds like blah blah blah white noise.
But I accepted it and buried the doubts deep into my sub-conscious, because that is what all healthy well-bred people do. Until one month ago, when Paul and I attended the Boston car show. It seems such an unlikely event to stir up the past. But we can only push down thoughts for so long before they bubble back up to the surface.
A knife, a father's throat had mangled,
While Burton provides us with enough offbeat humor to satisfy, the constant filtering in-and-out of supporting characters often times left me wanting more. That’s not to say you forget about the characters, but there are long periods of time where we go without seeing them.
It has taken me a couple of days to figure out why bin Laden's death is so strange for me. I think it has something to do with the way we have come to accept death so easily in our society, as a logical outcome of various battles between good and evil all over the globe. And I think it has much to do with what that acceptance says about us as a species and us as a society.
Creator: United States. Works Progress Administration
By the way, best wishes to all my friends who are fighting the weather battle in other parts of the US and our friends in Australia who have the opposite problems. I am thinking of all of you!
With New Year’s Eve upon us, many of us will be celebrating with friends over supper – whether it be elaborate or simple, no matter. It’s the thought behind the menu that keeps it interesting, and, of course, the company.
upon which nothing floats;
"Well it doesn't matter," Bill said, "You're fired Miller. Get your ass out of here."
Dream based uplifting indie pop to make you fall in love. Like a musical Cupid’s arrow. Get yourself a sun lounger and an ice cold strawberry daiquiri and enjoy this slice of summer.
Unfortunately, as Christians, we often use that as a license to judge and condemn those in the world who ‘currently’ do not believe IN Christ Jesus and are perishing.
They say writing is great therapy. I think they would be right. Since I wrote this post I started feeling better. That day I managed to get the house clean, floors mopped and fridge cleaned out. Then the next day like a woman on a mission, I filled my fridge, pantry and fruit bowl with healthy and yummy food.
Vanessa lines up her shot, takes it. The Arsenal Keeper, at full extension, gets a hand to the ball, slowing it to a crawl. Crawling, Vanessa’s shot still crosses the line for the point.
He most likely will need to earn the money to buy a new Coat,what a bummer.
See this one, which sounds like a solidly-built timepiece,
I pray that this isn’t true of any ministry I ever serve. I pray that we love because Christ first loved.
Scissors: something I wear for work, and often forget to remove for photos.
As you probably have already heard -- aren't I always last to the party? -- Richard Godwin's new novel, Mr. Glamour, is now out:
Shaun is still talking nonstop, and I have no idea as to how long he's staying... still not sure what my emotional reaction to all that is at the moment. I'm sure it'll hit me when I LEAST need it to!!
9. Evening Gown
As I've spent a lot of time talking about Kpop lately, I feel duty-bound to post this, and host a discussion about it.
of defeat in our poems’ last line,
The previously published pre-order list for Saturnalia MMVII underwent a few alterations before finality was achieved, but arguably fewer changes than I feared. Cross your fingers; some kegs are still in transit. A few probably won’t make it until January.
poignant
I really love how it turned out!
I’ll tell you why Rapport is doing this…
Those who can't beat, cheat!
Happy Thursday Peeps!
One early instance involving a passenger jet came in 1960, when an Eastern Airlines Lockheed Electra crashed at Boston after hitting a flock of starlings on take-off; three of the four engines were damaged, and the plane plunged into Winthrop Bay, half a mile or so from the Logan International runway, killed 62 of the 72 people aboard.
The poem was different from Shakespeare, but both time and Beth had changed since that day when she had first read that first sonnet. And now, the abused style, the change of meter, the ideas, the words, they all made sense to some subconscious part of her mind. She realized that dreams stared forth from that reality that had sounded so much more harsh than fantasy; a reality that was as beautiful because a poet who could spin the senses with whirling words was sitting where this girl could hear his thoughts if he were to speak them. Maybe those spoken thoughts could freeze the waters that Shakespeare’s words had poured into that eternal hole in Beth’s soul, and the living liquid would never drain out again. It was then that Beth decided to introduce herself to the reality that resembled, so much, her fantasy.
Remember to check back later this weekend…
It did not please me, either, that the Christians and the princes were driven, urged, and irritated into attacking the Turk and making war on him, before they amended their own ways and lived like true Christians. These two points, or either separately, were enough reason to dissuade from war. For I shall never advise a heathen or a Turk, let alone a Christian, to attack another or begin war. That is nothing else than advising bloodshed and destruction, and it brings no good fortune in the end, as I have written in the book On Soldiers; and it never does any good when one knave punishes another without first becoming good himself.
Doyle watched him for a few seconds, then said, “You’re searching, which obviously means you’re concocting something. Talk to me. What is it?”
Many Christians will have a hard time finding any positive reasons for sending their children to public school. Even some of the parents who send their kids there will tell you that they wish they could afford to send them to a Christian school or that they had the time to home school them. Many parents blame the public school system for the corruption of society, but how did it get to where it is today?
Hartmann S, Bung P. Physical exercise during pregnancy - Physiological considerations and recommendations. J Perinatal Med 1999; 27: 204-215.
Quick refresher: Using the silks looks like this….
I write about reality, all kinds of reality, reality as it seems to me. My lovely Mum battled Alzheimer’s for six years and my wife Robina and I looked after her to the end – she died in June 2010. As her memory faded I decided to write a poem telling the story of her life, to help her remember who she was, from a council-house upbringing in Gravesend to Bletchley Park during the war to singing Elgar at the Royal Festival Hall to going on tour with her punk poet son in Australia and Canada.
* The color scheme (orange, brown (or grey), cream, green) These colors work beautifully for Halloween and Thanksgiving cards
Ok well since its getting close to the end of the month i thought it was a bout time I uploaded some layouts I have done for challenges!!! I haven't completed as many this month but here we go!!!
So I think that's another item destined for Ebay, probably to languish unsold. I am really finding Ebay hard going, I see other items with huge bids on, but they are never mine!
(6) packages of Ball Park franks
Bit rate mode : Constant
There are all manner of objects that steampunk enthusiasts manage to convert into gorgeous neo-Victorian versions of themselves, keyboards, guitars, iPods, even Santa. Seriously, Google it. One of the most impressive steampunk makeovers I've seen are these reimagined Star Wars illustrations by artist Bjorn Hurri. Check it.
Here's a digital transfer of my cassette copy of the Marrakchi shop owner's vinyl copy of the 2nd Nass el Ghiwane album. All of these songs were re-recorded by the quartet after Boujemâa's death, and some of them were released on an album called "Hommage à Boujemâa". It was particularly moving for me to hear this version of "Ghir Khoudouni", with Boujemâa singing the final verse:
I have loads more pics like this, what he's been up, what he's been doing with (and to) Dylan and the cats alike.
Here in India, fair skin is considered very beautiful. The lighter the better. A lot of times they'll use the word "fair" instead of "beautiful." (Just like "Who's the fairest of them all?" --good one Snow White! Speaking of which, look at Snow White's NAME.)
When lovely woman stoops to folly and
It was more than just appearances though, it was trying to muscle through the experience of being pregnant and keep focused on staying healthy for the baby, drinking enough, resting enough, when I could barely lay on one side without having contractions start up again and feel winded.
IMATS (International Makeup Artist Trade Show) is for people involved in the makeup or creative industry, it is however also open to the public so anyone can go, they hold it once yearly normally towards the beginning of the year here in the UK and takes place all around the word at different times. It is most definitely a make-up lover’s dream event. There are a host of high end and in most cases designer makeup brands on show with many giving up to 75% discount on products. It is also a great opportunity to meet others in the Makeup industry, see live demonstrations of new products and to get your hands of some much sought after products.
06. Scope – The Future (5:37)
Because I believe in Phoenix with all of my heart. I believe that writers are only partially in control of the story, that when the author is ready, the story will present itself to the person best suited to write it. Phoenix believed in me, it unveiled itself to me at a time when I needed it. I can’t give up on it.
packing up my nylabones, travel collar, some of
Much of my arting is all about the process…not so much the end result. The process is what settles my mind and my spirit. I usually have projects going that are more meditative than anything else.
For those needing a reminder, or maybe these pictures will convince you to make a fire soon, here’s how to make s’mores.
He’s good, he’s very good.
his stare intensified
The Board found that Triumph's use of the COACH marks has been substantially exclusive for its goods, and that its marks have "made an impact on the purchasing public." Therefore, it ruled that Triumph's registrations will issue "with the appropriate notation."
"PHEW"
And that 1988 Card is:
Another topic I’ll touch briefly here is music. I am a huge fan of classical music personally. I buy very little music now because the music I bought 2 years ago is pretty much the same music I listen to now. Sure, I buy some but not nearly as much as everyone trying to keep up with the ever changing music industry. Common artists on my iPod include New York Philharmonic, Columbus State University Band, Dale Warland Singers, etc. I’m comfortable in my music selection and I enjoy listening to a genre of music that has pieces over 300 years old and that are still popular. Makes much less of a financial dent than buying every song to top the charts each week (then subsequently not listening to that song again for 3 years).
The little brown dog is named Jethro and he has a sister named Elly. Get it, the Beverly Hillbilly's?
I love Christmas cards. I love everything about them- selecting them, writing them and receiving them. I spend a lot of time each fall picking the design and photos. I prefer to get a design from an etsy seller and then print them.
This past weekend Atrios, the proprietor of Eschaton, declared a Blogroll Amnesty Day, saying, "one of the big complaints by new bloggers is that it's impossible to get onto blogrolls because established bloggers tend not to add them." I thought that adding new lesser-known blogs to his blogroll would be a wonderful idea. Although for some inexplicable reason that I am at pains to discover, Atrios has never seen fit to link to me, I, nevertheless added Eschaton to my own blogroll and introduced myself to Atrios with a sincerely sycophantic email, since he is after all a blogging pioneer who deserves our respect.
Recently, the group has begun production of coking coal, executed a highly valuable marketing agreement with Vitol Group, the world’s largest private energy trading company, and published a DFS showing compelling economics for the Minas Moatize project, underpinning the firm’s valuation. Bob Finch, Head of Coal at Vitol said “Coal trading has become an increasingly important part of the Vitol Group’s trading portfolio and this partnership makes an important contribution to our growth”
We are reaching out
You may know that Pam is my sister-in-law, that she lives in Germany, and that she's one of the best friends I've ever had.
An OG called me a Queen…:-)
that cow dung squirted walls—
Casey Wilson and Sam Altair were strangers, but a botched experiment in time travel has thrown them together with no one else to turn to. They are trapped one hundred years in the past, alone on the streets of Belfast, Ireland in 1906. With their old lives lost forever, the young college girl and elderly physicist must build new lives, while worrying how their existence in the past will change the future.
So, part of our visit will include looking up a particular poem that my father will be reading at Jim’s memorial service.
Operation Get Good Hair is far from over…
05. She wants 3:52
Clark goes on to admit something kind of embarrassing about the grading system:
So, this also means the normal hours of the day change. Kids are shuffled around and classes are shorter. Not to mention, we all know kids who just took the test as tired from taking one of the most important tests of the school year. So your day for teaching new material is pretty much shot.
The crux is that the tobacco shops are not producing the cigarettes nor are they packaging them, they are only providing the means for the customer to DIY.
So the maiden is placed in a room, this time larger and with many more bales. Again she must spin them into gold, on pain of death. The little man returns to save the day, but creepily so – this is no prince on horseback, not the sort of character with whom you wish to do deals. But a deal must be struck, and the maiden offers him her ring. When the man has gone, and the room is full of gold, the king is overjoyed. But still he wants more.
Empyreumatic. There's that word again. I seem to remember last time it came up that we agreed it means burnt. Odd that it's considered a fault. I thought black malt was meant to taste burnt. Crispy golden black. just like bacon.
And I just learned off of Twitter that the woman in the NAACP video has resigned, so now it can be swept under the rug and never brought up again. Unless your racist that is.
6.Hing : a pinch
I am the product of a British mother, a Beverly Hills father, and a southern upbringing. Because of this, I have been known to say "tom-ah-toes", "like", and "y'all". But since this is about what I write and not how I pronounce my a's, I will say that I tell stories.
He said the body of work was not sufficient and I ended up writing some dull paper on "Demonology And Witchcraft In English Renaissance Drama."
Thus began a thirty-minute scramble to find a boom-box so Chrissy could have her wedding march walking down the aisle music.
Pilatus was amazed."
I am somewhat ashamed but know that a child like that wants attention and the gratification to see me upset. I also know that the harm of a false accusation on my part would be more shameful than just moving on.
Brendon – Gimme Some
Yammering on about how amazing I am makes me feel a little ill. But if I don’t stake my claim, every single one of my loud-mouthed competitors will.
Like I said, this room remains unfinished and I have lots of ideas on changes. As usual, more time and money would catalyze the process! Oh well...hopefully both will come sooner rather than later and I can execute the following:
Truth: The cost of personal life insurance is never deductible if you have an employer, says Darras. If the policyholder is self-employed and the coverage is used to insure the business, then the premiums are deductible on Schedule C of the Form 1040.
“Rawrrr… Cheese monster!”
The Secret Service official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss ongoing investigations, said the agency is trying to determine whether the reports are accurate.
This KVM (keyboard, video, mouse) matrix routes any eight computers to any eight monitors with full cross-point capability, supporting resolutions up to 3840×2400. USB 2.0 peripherals are switched for each computer for keyboard/mouse control.
DEAD AIR is planning to be there, so if you have any questions that are specifically about the SYG law, go ahead and ask them here, and I'll see what I can do. Let your voices be heard!
While looking to find a large diaphragm microphone, I was looking at the TeleFunken R-T-F m16 that retails for $ 1700.00 dollars and it is said to sound close to a C12. While researching this mic, I found out that Telefunken did nothing more than re-label the Apex 460 and put the high price tag on it. As the article indicates TeleFunken decided to change it’s “Bad” to the TeleFunken R-T-F m16 MKii by doing a few factory Pimp Mods!. The microphone was basicly replace by the “Copperhead” to remove the bad taste from the entire issue!
Gah, it's been a week since I posted. Didn't realize it had been that long... Well, I have good reason. I ended up getting another job, which is good financially, but not so good as far as my time goes. There end up being a couple days a week where I work 15 hours, and then I end up trying to fit sleep, exercise, chores, doing errands, and getting my proper meals into that. It's stressful and crappy and I really wish that I didn't have to work two jobs just to survive, but such is life. I have been getting my workouts in, and I've been eating well for the most part. I did stick to my menu plan as scheduled all last week, so yay for that!
Plus my camera broke.
Okay well I think that's enough for one year don't you?
Ferozepur resident Satish Kumar Marwaha vouches for the fact that Surijit is alive. Surjit and Satish were in the same barrack for several years until Satish was released from a Pakistan jail.
Highland Park, La Cuevita perfectly captures the Hispanic roots of
Aside from that I am planning a baby shower for my cousin Sara and planning the 2nd Annual event for Crystal's birthday. This year we are doing a BBQ and her oldest son, Jaydan, will actually get to be here for it. It will be wonderful for him to be able to go visit her grave. I think it will be one of the first few times he's been back since the funeral in March 2010. I'm super excited to see him too. I haven't seen him in over a year! Miss that little punk!
Business expenses were about what I expected. Work was slow for the month and I didn't have much in the way of expenses since I didn't include props in that figure. I did include my quarterly state sales tax in the business expense figure so not including that, my expenses were low. However, this was an atypical month for my business.
LORD commanded.
for over 50 years.
Ervin is a towering figure in the North Carolina Democracy, and I can see where Price would find political and ideological comfort in adopting a position on the lacrosse case that traces its ideological roots to a belief of Ervin’s—even if most people now consider Ervin’s approach to civil rights matters wholly wrong.
in and began singing and dancing in the yard/waiting area. We asked what they
As the new Communications Chair for our synagogue, it is my duty to assemble the quarterly bulletin that goes out to shul members.
Challenge #9 Ribbon
her solitary peony.
The former model, actress and all-around celebrity’s death has not stopped any of the controversy that plagued her in life: following her mysterious passing her will has been contested, a paternity suit involving Smith’s 5-month-old daughter has been brought forth and her burial site is being argued over. Even the judge presiding over her daughter’s case couldn’t hold back tears at the trial. What do they think?
Thanks Zach. You’ve laid down the gauntlet. After this visit, we will be looking at our “lil-acre’” differently.”
The name Cox’s Bazar/Bazaar originated from the name of a British East India Company officer, Captain Hiram Cox who was appointed as the Superintendent of Palonki (today’s Cox’s Bazar) outpost after Warren Hastings became the Governor of Bengal following the British East India Company Act in 1773. Captain Cox was especially mobilised to deal with a century long conflict between Arakan refugees & local Rakhains at Palonki. The Captain made significant progress in rehabilitation of refugees in the area, but had died (in 1799) before he could finish his work. To commemorate his role in rehabilitation work a market / bazaar was established and was named after him as Cox’s Bazaar (market of Cox). Cox’s Bazar thana was first established in 1854 and a municipality was constituted in 1869.
A scorned straphanger who claims a married Queens bus driver hit on her has spent months letting the whole neighborhood know just how she feels about him, plastering his Q69 Astoria route with fliers addressed to the “womanizer bastard.”
Back together again…the friendship stronger than ever. We had reached an important crossroads in our relationship with each other what with all of Helena’s drama and subsequent episodes, but like the kindred spirits that we are, we rallied as one in support and love and we held it together. Now we’re back in full force stronger and closer than we were before, ready and set to go!
Glazing: Mix powdered sugar with as little lime juice as possible to form a glaze. The glaze should be pasty, so use as much lime juice you need to get this consistency. Store the Pfeffernüsse between layers of parchment paper in an airtight container. You can store them in a dry and not too warm place for about 4 weeks.
Vinnie Paz adds his usual lethal dose of rage on the hook, lots of foreboding, dark imagery here, set to a rather subdued Statik Selektah beat....nicely done indeed.
The following is a synthesis of how I commonly experience such groups. Whether they are religious, political, atheist (as mine are of late), literary, or hobby oriented, hardly matters. Many people obviously experience them differently. I suspect that most of those people are raging extroverts.
I am holding my face to the light. Because I know that God is with me.
“Feel ten years younger (clean up)”
“Just asking,” he said.
I don’t much see that spirit of brotherhood and love anymore. The traditional Holi is restricted to some areas only like the famous Bruj ki holi, kumaun ki holi and Benaras ki holi.
X. X-Rays you’ve had: Just went to the dentist and he did an x-ray on my jaw
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is a government organization whose roots go back more than two centuries. It collects, analyzes, predicts and disseminates data on weather. Why does it need a corporate predator to teach it how to chew the fat, or shoot the breeze?
Shrugging on capes and dimming down their sparkles, we exit vampires, at long last.
My favorite stamp company, Flourishes are having challenges galore, lately and I want to join in everyone of them, but it's overwhelming me :) So I made a card that would conquer at least two of their challenges. My problem being, is that one of them, is Warm Winter Wishes challenge. The challenge being that we are challenged to use Blue on your holiday card... I do not understand why, but anything blue stumps me. I mean I was utterly perplexed with this one! But since I love a good challenge that stumps me, I forged ahead and did my best :)
And when I stepped up to that urinal,
I love me some Scrat. He’s adorable, and let’s face it; that’s one little dude that knows what he wants.
1 c flour
I find myself with - oddly enough - very little to do.
Lee said, “My dad is why I got into coaching, and he coached us everything. If my dad had had a different profession, I’m not sure how everything would have turned out.”
La Femme blushes are sold in pan form, meaning they are just in the pan and have no other packaging. I opted to get the 12 pan palette that Make Up Mania sells (here). The palette is made of a durable cardboard and quite sturdy. It has magnetic wells and pin holes so you can easily move the pans around when necessary.
The Pookie, who is a total mama's boy, has really been missing me. I knew that he was fussy at home with Londo. And in the mornings when I would see him, he was totally clingy to me, not even eating breakfast unless he was in my lap. But I talked to two of his teachers (one yesterday afternoon when I picked him up and the other this morning when I dropped him off), and they both immediately said that he'd been really clingy at school. They wanted to make sure everything was okay. When I explained that I hadn't been able to be around much because of work, they both said that made sense and explained why he was so clingy. I assured them that the busy period was over and told them about how we spent all weekend together*. They both said that he'd been a lot better yesterday and that explained that also.
Even though the commission’s mandate is to investigate crimes committed by military regimes during their rule from 1964 to 1985, it also includes an investigation of the crimes perpetrated before and after the military dictatorship. It is estimated that between 1964 and 1985, 475 people were forcibly disappeared, 50,000 imprisoned, and 20,000 tortured.
Great Divide Brewing Company Yeti Imperial Stout
Those boundaries*should* fall in the middle and not on either extremes (the super nice sensitive guy or the arrogant asshole/jerk). That’s too easy to just pick one and go with it. As I said women are complex, and in our complexities we like men who are more complex and able to teeter in the middle (which is a lot harder) than choosing to be either of the extremes.
God gave all aboard the ship a way of salvation by staying on the boat; by trusting God and His spoken word through Paul. To do anything else would be disobedience and disobedience is sin.
Of folk he ought to meet,
Following are excerpts from a sermon delivered by Islamic scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on December 11, 2009.
Anish Kapoor's "Cloud Gate" is, to my mind, the most successful piece of public art in all of Chicago. It is also more representative of who we are, and how we live, than I imagine even Kapoor ever guessed it could be.
Bursaries will be available to help students access either internships generated by the Careers Service, or internships that they generate themselves. For example, if you have already secured an offer for work experience this summer, you may be worried about how to afford it; perhaps the job is either low paid, or even unpaid, or based somewhere where accommodation or travel costs are expensive. We will be offering a number of bursaries (worth between £50 – £800) to help students undertake work experience this summer, because we know how vitally important it is for your career. The bursaries can be applied towards full-time or part-time work, in any sector, and will be awarded through a competitive process.
Leaving his hotel room Peter leisurely strolled down the hallway towards the elevators with the confidence of a man who believe everything in his life was under his full control. Peter did find some irritation with having to wait a minute of two for the elevator. The waiting was enough of an issue that he made a mental note to find a more exclusive hotel the next time the opportunity to visit New Orleans popped up.
Well, SOMEONE thought it was a good idea, and that someone was Independent International Pictures... which just happened to specialize in every single one of Adamson's films... that's just a coincidence though, pay it no mind. But yeah, by the opening of the Seventies, Adamson had made bad biker movies and bad monster movies, about in equal measure. What could he do to try and appeal to all of his films' fans (that is, the monster fans and the biker fans)?
I know as soon as I post this I'm going to remember someone I forgot. So if you're thinking "why am I not on this list?!" it's because I'm a ditz and I lost my first draft of this but you're still appreciated!
Diary, I knew Pliny was in town, but I didn't know he was at City Tap House until the waitress came over to ask if we wanted anything to drink, and I said I'd have to look at the menu, and she said "Andy Farrell wanted to know if you wanted the last two glasses of Pliny the Younger." We sure did!! Andy is the manager, and I've done some events with him in the past, and it was just so nice of him to notice and make that offer! Two glasses of hoppy nectar came, a deep orange-gold in color, and didn't Cathy and I just love them to pieces? (I'm doing a review of PtY for a magazine, so...can't really say anything here other than while Pliny may not live up to the hype -- and what beer could? -- it's quite the pleasant smack in the chops, and yes, worth a trip to town.)
So…One Way signs – please jump up and down at me if I try to drive the wrong way. Wrong Way signs – wave your arms or something. I can’t get pulled over again – my Evil Heart can’t take the poundings induced by activities other than running!
pennywort
I suppose understanding is always a relative affair.
"Mom," I tried.
That's Kay and I hamming it up before our first shoot together! I did eight photo shoots altogether. One with Brittany at 8am (yes that early) and the rest from about 12ish to 10pm!!!! We were all zombies when we finished!!! But it was soooooooooooooooooo much fun!!!!!﻿
The Global Post described “polyamory” as a form of loving, “genital-sharing” agreement with a small and trustworthy group of people.
4 medium red beets
Katwise, I really do love your coats, but I love mine more.
I’m feeling blue
This should make my life a little harder because it’s not as fast as driving to school. I will have to wake up a little earlier in order to get to campus on time for my classes. However in the long run it should benefit me by making me more physically healthy. Therefore, overall I feel good about this transition to a biking lifestyle and hope to make the best out of the experience.
Good Morning Sunshine! Here we go again. We got back on the road in the morning and I discovered that we would be close to the home of some of my really good friends. We made arrangements to meet for lunch and we began tootling down the road towards our lunch date. Here is the fun part of our trip. See my family is from Florida. Florida is FLAT. Can you imagine our happiness when we discovered that our trip would have lovely mountains involved? We were so excited about it. This comes the part where we about drove my poor father NUTS. We had to stop at every scenic picture overlook or photo-op that we saw along the way. In the interest of time and bandwidth, I will show you only my very favorite picture from our trip. This is my mother, standing at one of the scenic overlooks. Yes, she is standing in the middle of the road but its ok because it was just a parking lot.
So what can you do? Switch to stainless steel cups. My kids, aged 6 years and almost 2 years, use the cups and absolutely love them. They have been dropped plenty of times and survived. But if you do use plastic cups make sure they are BPA-free.
I am the sort who loves both giving and receiving surprises….however small they may be. So had been preparing for the day excitedly…almost feverishly, for the entire month.
Go to your blog and schedule each of these posts:
Her tresses have blackened and embers fade
Decker decides he has been waiting his whole life for an opportunity to teach maturity to a child with theability to destroy planets, so he merges with V’Ger ad disappears. Neither he, ilea, nor V’Gerare ever heard from again. Doesanyone miss them? I have doubts.
"Well, is it something I can do for you?"
That last sentence is significant. The brewery part of the business was seen as viable, unlike whisky side. The brewery had just been dragged into crisis by the poor performance of Pattison's whisky trading.
Interesting Fact: Tin foil was used to fill cavities in teeth before the 20th century. If you have fillings today and have ever chewed a piece of aluminium foil, this fact should make you squirm!
I’m particularly obsessed with his song “Magdalena.” It’s a song about forgiveness, set in Mexico. His lyrics are brilliant. He just reminds me that forgiveness–and God–are found everywhere, and that it doesn’t matter what wrong you have committed. Those wrongs will always be made right. But Mr. Flowers doesn’t stop there–forgiveness isn’t easy. It’s not instant, there’s no modern methods around it, its ultimate happiness is difficult to obtain, it’s personal. It’s a journey of the soul. A quest. No, a conquest. It’s a triumph.
So, I gave it some good 'ol Kara lovin. I sanded the edges and took my foam brush and put some stain on it. Yeah yeah yeah, you're supposed to stain, then apply poly, but I've never been one to do things the right way anyways!
Please contribute, not with money, but with your spare time, to give to those that really are in need of help, you can do this by simply making your voice heard and forcing your own goverments to take notice.
So, I opened one of my devotionals the other morning and had to have a little laugh. When the Holy Spirit is making a point in your life or wants to get your attention, most times it will surface repeatedly.
The actual OG was slightly down due to collecting slightly too much wort but still consistent with my 75% efficiency target.
The ANC says it is "extremely disappointed and puzzled" by a high court decision refusing it leave to appeal an earlier finding on the singing of a controversial struggle song containing the lyrics "dubul’ ibhunu" (shoot the boer).
Four hours away from College Station.
* Coordinate all new furniture items delivered before pack-out date.
The United Nations announced in September that chronic diseases like heart disease, cancer, and diabetes contribute to 35 million deaths worldwide each year, according to the commentary. The U.N. pegged tobacco, alcohol, and diet as big risk factors that contributed to this death rate.
Cauliflower with scrambled eggs..A simple stri fry....This makes a great side dish with rice and roti...Here goes the recipe...
If you would like to join us for this challenge, please link directly to your post (not just to your blog), using Inlinkz below. If you are uploading your project to an online gallery, please use keyword 4CCC-62 (eg: Splitcoaststampers, Paper Craft Planet, etc.) Thanks for playing along with the 4 Crafty Chicks!
That turned out to be a mixed blessing. It kept me persevering through more rejections, but I also took it as a sign that the epic was good. Even when the full was rejected I kept writing sequels – sequels which, of course, couldn’t be submitted anywhere.
Bernd Adamkewitz - guitar, saxophone
79. Mexican Cousin -- Phish
Aubrey
To make the finished pieces wide enough for adequate coverage (including gathers for fullness)...
Please go to their blog address, for example:
Week 13 DFAD instruction - July 18th 2010
Often there is a saxophonist standing outside the station playing for contributions. He is a talented musician. He plays very difficult scales and very complicated jazz runs.
Jump in the alarm on 3 and it will be slow. Jump in the alarm on 6 and it will be boilerplate speed. Jump in on 9, and it will be fast.
V/A - Squares Blot Out the Sun (DB 1990, comp with Pylon, The Fans, Jack Heard...)
O inhabitants of the earth!… For it is time!~
Please prayerfully consider joining me & dedicate this week, through emails, social network status. At this beginning of this season of thankfulness help share 7 days of HOPE with your readers, family and friends.
While myself and a lot of the other people ridiculed me on a daily basis on my team's performances, people who read my blog had no problem complimenting my writing and complimenting me as a father, and with it, I felt good about myself again.
The deadline to apply is 11:59 pm PST, May 1st, 2011. Applicants will be notified by May 3rd, 2011 via email. Should the applicant need to create a project using one of our images for further consideration, we will let you know that once we receive your project samples.
“I had absolutely no authority over Brendan Smyth. Even my Bishop had limited authority over him. The only people who had authority within the Church to stop Brendan Smyth from having contact with children were his Abbot in the Monastery in Kilnacrott and his Religious Superiors in the Norbertine Order.
Tabernacle Cohen Gadol Rabbinic Crown Messiah’s ministry
He threw back his head to say no. “What was difficult for me was to leave Malatya. That’s where my roots are. I’ve never felt at home in Istanbul.”
M: But do they ever hit on you?
(July 25, 2010)
Group: 1d6 highest goes first.
"ashamed of my country."
Bak Choi Bonsai 4.26.12
Rating: 6.5
On a good paper the colours will start to blend without any work, like this one! To blend your colours, go back with your lightest colour and lightly blend where the two colours meet, but working in circles and flicking out to the paler side.
That’s it. I’ve got a Snuggie to return.
Her's my card:
And now this new pigeon appeared on our balcony, looking very similar to our Mr. Whitecap whom I somehow missed and I was suddenly sure that he, the new one, was an offspring of Mr. Whitecap. He did not have this white cap but he was the same light grey blue barred pigeon, his wing feathers were white and he had at least a few white spots on his head and a really beautiful face and very intense eyes. I just had this feeling…
“No dejenlo! Hasta que llaman una otra J!” (Don’t let it! Until they call another J bus!).
Last night I was doing some beta reading for Matthew Quinn and got to a stopping point. I looked at my notebook and had an idea. What if, instead of trying to write in prose, I just wrote very basic. Giving myself the details, without worrying even about POV or sentence structure.
“I want to say that I’m truly sorry that many people have misunderstood this billboard. It was never our intention to use race as our message itself,” Fields said.
The U.S. Constitution does not mention the concept of a first lady or the job of the president’s wife. The first lady’s role is the result of cultural expectations, not legal prescriptions. Whoever becomes the next first lady will have a remarkable position to influence others. She will do herself a favor to be herself in that role, to take the role and adapt it to her interests. The same is true for every woman. Whether you prefer to wear a strand of priceless pearls or a string of glass beads, God has created you with matchless talents and abilities. Plus, he’s given you a unique circle of influence in which to use them.
I did not have much time in Madrid (less that 24 hours), but Raquel’s older brother was gracious enough to give me the express walking tour. I saw the cathedral, the palace, parliament, the exterior of the Prado, and the Place del Sol just to name a few of the sites. During the day in Madrid, I was able to see a few more friends from last semester who live in Madrid. It was a quick stop in Madrid, so I’m probably going to have to go back someday.
Today in psychology class we were talking about wearing masks throughout your life. Sometimes those masks are needed, such as when you're at work vs when you're with your friends. Most of the time, you can't act the same in both places. So when you're at work or with your friends you wear the appropriate mask. Those are, apparently, "healthy masks". I raised my hand and asked "what are unhealthy masks?" I knew the answer already, if I had just sat and thought about it I would've figured it out, but I was too quick to get an answer. Or maybe it was just something that I needed to hear, rather then think. He said "an unhealthy masks is one you wear after a trauma, emotional or physical. Sometimes it becomes second nature and you don't even think about it anymore, it becomes a part of you. Eventually though, your two worlds collide and your unhealthy mask will fall and your healthy mask will prevail." I just laughed to myself because could he be reading my mind or know my situation any more? I mean, really? Trauma? Unhealthy masks? Apparently I am, in fact, a cliche.
(12) BATTERSEA POWERSTATION SHAREHOLDER VEHICLE LTD
finish master bedroom
N: Well sir as you know we’ve had quite a robust community campaign; focusing on those individuals who are influential within their community. In particular we’ve focused on the elephants this year.
Please send me link requests, or goodbyes, to my email or my comments, and I will most certainly do my best to keep you in my life. And yes, those of you who still blog....I still visit. Good blogs by good people are so hard to find these narrow days of Facebook and Twitter.
Dear author:
Publisher: Doubleday Canada
I want to be your intimate lover
“I don’t care if whether I go or not, I will defend the decisions of the ANC Youth League until I see my grave,” he told the crowd in Bloemfontein.
anniversary of when it originally happened?
Sadly, the mitsubishi evo forum a link and that was once used by cowboy builders in Australian soap operas is now an essential lifestyle accessory for young trendies with people and bulky items to move around. Open the mitsubishi evo forum aboard and youll be surprised at the 2005 mitsubishi evo, the tuned mitsubishi evo above its weight. I'll be more than capable of handling the Ralliart's 237bhp power output. The steering helps too, which gives you as much feedback as a long-term vehicle resulted in one sense, Mitsubishis Colt is a fun car to drive new cars abroad. It has also been eased off a little electronics tweaking, this CZT could be a seriously potent car. The interior detailing reads like a bodybuilder's handshake due to the mitsubishi evo forum when such cars were fun with a pointy stick is certainly not advisable. The common-or-garden Mitsubishi Lancer so far below the mitsubishi evo forum of its bigger brother, a 136mph maximum velocity and 7.1s 0-60mph performance puts it in automatic mode. The 2.0-litre diesel will return combined economy figures in the mitsubishi evo forum and attitude found on the mitsubishi evo 340 an engine that most customers will choose is a cinch, even on the mitsubishi evo forum a trump card.
My young self, please don't follow my path and ended up wasting so much of your life and hiding who you really are from people. Transition now and live your life as the female that you were born to be.
3. Tie two bows with May Arts Silk Ribbon, one larger than the other.
Reg Presley encounters porn and (shock!) approves, while minimalist guitar master Chris Britton riffs on Joe Meek’s staircase, and Ronnie Bond thumps between pulls on the jug. A Rock masterpiece is born. No kidding.
And now. I promised.
Q: Other than your own, what is your current favorite zombie book?
And here are the answers; straight from the mouths (or fingertips) of real, fellow college students:
Old people are cool. My grandpa was born and raised in the south, and was a sailor in the war, and pretty much has a vocabulary to match it. But when you get to that age, you pretty much are aloud to say whatever you want and get away with it. Which is like me on the internet.
The prompt for March is the setting. I have been reading Dracula by Bram Stoker, which has a number of settings from Eastern Europe to North Yorkshire. I have chosen to look at the first major setting-Castle Dracula.
Another week went by, and before we knew it we were on a special bus being driven to a remote runway at the SFO Airport. A plethora of media, snipers, and Secret Service were waiting patiently as Air Force One was en route. We were actually going to meet the President of the United States in person. Wow.
And the fans have seen too much this season to take our position or form as given – through the carnage of those first few weeks and the injury-blighted New Year slump. After the trauma in late summer I feel we’ve emerged with a more realistic understanding of how this league works, and a less neurotic character.
Paul James Battaglia, 22, New York, N.Y.
Squawking with my every tread,
10:30am: I grab 6 almonds (from a package I brought for everyone btw)
Thank you, and buy war bonds!
Maybe she needed to rethink her way of helping others. She’d been drawn more and more to unconventional methods, but the fallout lately had been severe.
This past week I faced death multiple times. I was nearly electrocuted, almost shot, and I ate at Hardee’s. Now you may i’m kidding but I really did cheat death. (To clarify my father-in-law well he was in each of those equations but he did almost shoot me while trying to shoot a squirrel.)
If eating patterns in the 1960s set the county on a path of future health problems, they also spawned America's first significant weight loss regiment. Betty, mortified by her extra pounds and judging herself against the lanky frame of her ex-husband's new wife, turns to a community group that would grow to become the most successful weight loss program of the 20th century -- Weight Watchers, a Queens-based company formed in 1963 that brought weight control to the mainstream.
Not when they are fighting about his ex’s. He tried to say i went out of town to see my Best friend and i saw my ex and he didnt say anything. I told him I am friends with my ex. Unlike him who told me he hates them and wants them to leave as soon as possible. Obviously he didnt get it. So i didnt even bother explaining.
Flirt actually runs into a slate environmental problems. Some arts of seduction may not be terribly appropriate for all situations . For example, if you’re on a desert island and one of six dozen people who have survived a plane crash, what you should do is sharpen a stick or a rock so that your target and then assert dominance over them and the group.
Only once the accident had happened do we realise what happened and what the dangers and consequences of the accident are. Only once the dust had settled do we realise how many people were in the car, that there is a baby in the back-seat, the fuel tank is leaking and the car may burst into flames. Only then can we assess the damage. Only then do we realise some are seriously injured and some are fine.
Circle of Life
The day passed in a heaviness of deft organisation, global conversation and more coffee. The business lay in her capable hands, nurtured by a life un-interrupted.
Be careful that it actually does work, however.
Me?
Fantastic film ostensibly about a botched burglary staged by Irish revolutionaries and sold as an exciting film noir, which it is if that is all you want from it. However this film is not truly about burglary or the IRA, it is not even a political statement it is a morality play. What this film is truly about is how a variety of people treat a condemned and dying man in the last 8 hours or so of his life. It is about what goes on inside his head ... it is about compassion ... it is about the lack of compassion - It is about redemption - and the denial of redemption.
Files submitted to Eprint should be in Word, Quark or PDF format. Ideally, if submitting PDF files, they should be in the final trim dimensions of the printed book. Eprint can provide a unique full colour cover if the author has not provided one. Eprint can also provide an author with ISBN allocation, legal deposit, full internal layout, royalty payments, online listing and online database listing, as well as a choice of several bindings;
March would make one last Broadway play after Journey, Paddy Chayefsky's Gideon in 1961, about the Biblical judge, starring Douglas Campbell in the title role and March as an angel. March's film career continued, including roles in Seven Days in May and The Iceman Cometh, before dying in 1975. A complete list of his Broadway roles can be found here.
Patrick confessed something to me; God had spoken to him about having another child.
National University of Singapore, History
Whiskey Drinkin' Women by Cornell Hurd
The pretty butterfly is cut at 1.75 x 2.66 distressed and used foam tape for dimension. The frame for the sentiment is cut at 3 3/4 plus the layers and embossed with the divine swirls folder. The sentiment is from K.Andrew Designs ~Positive Thoughts set. Ties it off with a pretty satin double bow:)
Reitano began his visual work with the original Nintendo Entertainment System, although he has since moved on to a setup of three Sega Genesis systems filtered through a video mixer. While it’s possible to create similar visuals on a computer with modern video software, Reitano says it just doesn’t seem as genuine or fun as using the actual hardware.
Here are a couple art supply ideas that I pinned on Pinterest:
I had 204 people leave their name on the list!! The lucky winner is..
The trailer and the truck were returned to the owners and the tires were secured at the property compound.
Starting from other experiences, other authors make similar points. Kyla Wazana Tompkins writes forcefully about the importance of autobiographical accounts in shaping our politics. She belongs to a Moroccan Arab Jewish family and she writes about Arab Jews living in North Africa before the establishment of Israel. Although some of these people migrated to Israel, they were pushed aside by the European Jews who held power and controled the narratives told. Inside Israel or outside, these Arab Jews have become invisible as polarization of Arabs and Jews has increased. Again, Ahmed confirms this account when she tells of a close childhood friend who left Cairo with her Jewish family because they feared for their future after Nassar took control in the 1950s and began to preach hatred of Jews.
Feb 13, we took our continental breakfast around 7AM at Tanaya Bed & Breakfast. Call time would be 9AM. This would be a full day trip with EXOTIC BALI Destination.
Traditional publishing is great, but in the last several years, financial difficulties have caused publishing houses to tighten their belts and keeping either to people who are already known, or are good enough to make it in. So from what I’m hearing it has gotten extremely hard, not that it has ever been easy to go to the ‘Big Six’ as they are called. It has always been intimidating to send your manuscript, or your “Baby” to an agent to only have it rejected a hundred times before you finally find someone who will take it. Then comes the part of finding a publishing house that will publish your book. Even after being accepted you still have to work with the editor, and it could months up to a year to see your book published. It is well worth it in the end yes, but it is a long and hard road.
Nilsson R, Björdal C, Andersson M, Björdal J, Nyberg A, Welin B, Willman A. Health risks and occupational exposure to volatile anaesthetics - a review with a systematic approach. Journal of Clinical Nursing 2005; 14: 173-186.
Add the mustard seeds and when they splutter, add the cumin seeds and the asafoetida powder..
When my Mum visited with a stash of all sorts of goodies for me, she included two Noggin the Nog books from the late 1960s-early 1970s. These books and TV cartoons are a delightful memory from my childhood, Oliver Postgate's work was so wonderful - I loved Pogle's Wood, The Clangers, Ivor the Engine, but Bagpuss and Noggin were my favourites.
And with that, I’m going to try and get out of here without doing something else ridiculous.
Here are a few tips on ordering anything for your wedding on-line.
to be the connecting link between the physical and spiritual worlds.
A. I proofread all material produced by the Graphic Design team at the AICPA. That includes all sorts of publications such as annual reports, white papers, brochures, conference programs, conference signs and application kits. Some of these can be as small as 2 or 3 pages and others can be 30 or 40 pages.
5. Get straight across bangs: Trimmed them to see if I'd like it, and then thought I couldn't pull them off so I just swished them to the side again.
The sky is woven with clouds like
There seems to be so many people around me struggling...my dear friend who is battling cancer, my sister, our youth pastor is struggling with health problems....so much hardship...so much worry...I seem to cry at the drop of a hat lately...and just so you know I don't cry easily.
A correspondent has sent me an intriguing news story about an elderly Indian woman who goes around the world hugging people. Amma, the Divine Mother, offers her open-armed blessing to all who queue to meet her. On a good day she can deliver 200 hugs per hour, which is quicker than a cattle rancher can geld and brand his herd. My females hooted with laughter when I told them about her.
Schnitzer PG, Olshan AF, Erickson JD. Paternal occupation and congenital anomalies in offspring. Epidemiology 1995; 6: 577-583.
Sx
Cube seasoning
By no means do I think that contractors or providers should eliminate all choices. Studies have routinely shown that a limited number of choices can help the decision making process. Good, better, best packages are a prime example of how you can offer choices that enable consumers to make educated choices without creating analysis paralysis! It is also important to answer any questions regarding your packages/options. Take the time to go over what makes the different (besides the price!). Consumers want to make smart decisions and nobody wants to feel overwhelmed.
How could Jon and I say no?
i am thankful for the poem he read to me at our wedding that micah and jana had framed for us that hangs in our bedroom ....that i try to read everyday to remind myself just how lucky i am.
The history of yoga will include more information about the mind, body and spirit connection. This is something that is often not represented fully in a gym class setting. You may want to take a class and learn about the strength training part of yoga and use an at home online resource to incorporate the other important aspects of yoga.
My husband was going to fast with me, but changed his mind and asked when I would end mine as he would like to continue my fast. This is something different. I am wondering how it will go as I was planning to fast at least a week to ten days, depending on the weight loss which is one purpose of my regular January fast. As to the spiritual part, I had some things to discuss with my Lord. Actually, I always do, so no fast goes without the spiritual aspect.
Add the chili powder and stir it in until the ‘rice’ looks dirty. Let it cook for a few minutes to take on the flavour. Add the garlic, olives, and green onions. Stir well. Preheat the oven broiler.
In fact the number 13 is considered lucky in Italy apart from one time when it is considered unlucky, which is to have thirteen persons at the meal table, but I remember this superstition from the UK also. This superstition goes back to the Last Supper of Jesus and the Apostles.
Here are the cards the team have made this week to help get you thinking - there will be more to come, so do come back again to check them out.
There are many who will sneer at the comparison of radical Islam and the Nazi Party, but those who do so are either wilfully ignorant or deliberately evil. What ideology wished to exterminate the Jews? What ideology wished to murder the homosexuals? What ideology had global domination as its central theme, for which it was prepared to use violence and terror? What ideology revered its leader as a prophet who could do no wrong? What ideology thought of women as second class citizens fit only for religious study, the bedroom and the kitchen?
It's for this reason that I feel I should make a new addition to the blog, I've decided on a daily-ish basis I will begin to post a 'Quote of the day' this can be a general indication to my general mindset at the time... or just something that's inspired me at some point.
Four of the men, Mohammad Zaoli, 21, Mohammed Elnour, 18, Aru Gar, 19, and Akoak Manon, 18, appeared via video link in the Bendigo Magistrates Court yesterday. They each face 17 charges, including 14 of rape. The other three accused are aged 14, 16 and 17 and cannot be named. They appeared in a children's court on the same 17 charges.
Thousands of African migrant workers have reportedly been detained illegally. According to the BBC, evidence suggests that some of the former rebels “engaged in a violent campaign of abuse and intimidation against the black immigrant community in Tripoli” immediately following Gaddafi’s death.
you can’t even remember why you picked him up
Stick around my friends, stick around.
Idiosyncrazies is a new Gallery/Gift Shop located in Point Pleasant, NJ that we hope to open by May 31, 2010.
Explaining a few things I learned in the visit:
Did you know that your oral health can offer clues about your overall health? Or that problems in your mouth can affect the rest of your body? Understand the intimate connection between oral health and overall health and what you can do to protect yourself.
So, that's what I've learned this week. How about you? My ears are open.
That’s Brittany Howard, the band’s frontwoman (and good god, what a frontwoman: is that not exactly what vulnerable ferocity looks like?). That patience in their playing and style—that ability to let a song bubble quietly along, the way they don’t rush to fill in and max out every sonic aspect of the song (you think it’s common to let just a bass line keep a song moving? Listen to old M Ward and listen to his latest: even folks who’ve been huge champions of understated musicality seem to’ve been lately lured into believing more is better, always and ever)—that’s among the glories manifestly availble on Boys and Girls, but there’s more to it. Here’s what’s been my listening life of late: I’ve had a playlist with the Alabama Shakes and JD McPherson’s debut albums on it, and both albums feature throw-back sounds, yes, but the thing that unites them far more crucially is how…innocent sounding the music is. This gets tricky.
1. Hangnail - Don't Forget About Tomorrow
The only thing that NGO consultant Sunali Advani wants to change about her home city, Bangalore, is its fashion offerings. “The stores here like to play it safe and there is a dearth of funky and experimental clothing. Also, it’s the local designers who get preference over the others. This limits my options,” she says.
This does not spread easily or quickly. All the promises are lies.
White businesses progressively moved their establishments to the outskirts of the city, but over time these areas were also invaded inch by inch by people the Afrikaner/Boers have correctly identified as “Volksvreemdes” (strangers to the area). The posh shopping centres in upmarket places like Menlyn, for example, which was, not too long ago, still recognized as an exclusive upper-class white area, are today frequented by multitudes of black shoppers, the majority of whom have imitated the same stylish manner of dress as the ‘upmarket’ whites who live permanently in the area. Black taxies have conquered the streets and have occupied every available open spot where they can park. Drug addicts and beggars of all sorts can be found on almost every street corner.
It is time consuming, and efforts can be fruitless, but with patience, a few good thunderstorms and these tips you should be able to capture some lightning on camera.
Now, if you are using a bread machine, you would put the wet ingredients in, then the dry, except the raisins and set the machine for “dough only”. Check at first, to make sure it is running properly (meaning the paddle didn’t get left behind). Also check it a few minutes in to see if it needs more flour. If it is still sticking too much to the sides of the bucket, add a Tbsp. of flour, then check again in a couple of minutes. If it looks too dry, cracked and doesn’t feel tacky when you touch the bouncing dough, add a couple tsp. water and check back in a few minutes.
Later in his life as a revolutionary, Bolivar used part of the mineral income to help to finance the South American revolutionary wars although the British Empire was a prime contributor because of Britain’s interest in gaining access to the rich trade opportunities in the region. Some people claim that the Bolivar family grew to prominence before gaining great wealth. For example, the Cathedral of Caracas, founded in 1575, has a side chapel dedicated to Simón Bolívar’s family.
Green Day is locked up in the studio in Oakland, preparing a trio of records for release in the coming months. ‘Uno’ comes out in September, ‘Dos’ hits stores in November and ‘Tre’ will be out in January. More info here.
With UNDP in association with UNAIDS, UNIFEM SARO, ICRW, Inform – Sri Lanka, Centre for Women’s Research; CENWOR – Sri Lanka; Siyath Foundation, Sri Lanka; FWLD, Sri Lanka; Lawyers Collective, India; PWN+, India; Vimochana, India; Milana, India; Abhaya Action Aid, India; Lanka Plus, Sri Lanka; El Taller International
0445- Get home, get back in bed, and attempt to go back to sleep.
Many working people have dealt with the headaches of this crime. Those folks have felt neglected, which only increased when the demographics began to change. While we all want to see our home and it's surrounding area at it's best. But many have seen the growth only to push them out of their long time home. I'm not saying that growth is bad but it certainly is when it doesn't include those who have suffered through the hard times.
GREG
Likelihood of terrorist attack:
If you're being stubborn, you might need to pay attention to what's really not working. But even more important, study God's Word and listen for His still, small voice. Proverbs 14:15 says, “A simple man believes anything, but a prudent man gives thought to his steps” (NIV).
Cover, reduce heat to medium low, and simmer for 8-12 minutes, or until greens are wilted and sauce has thickened, stirring occasionally.
So when we told Kevin we were the Couch to 5K team, what HE HEARD was Couch to Keg. And heck. Who were we to argue with such impeccable logic. We exercise so that we have room in our diet for a couple cocktails. That is just the honest fact of it.
My mother's first husband, Justin N. Feldman, has died, at age 92. He was a lovely man whom I enjoyed knowing, though ours was an odd connection. His New York Times obituary today was lengthy and fascinating. He was someone who made things happen, most notably as a manager of Robert F. Kennedy’s 1964 New York Senate campaign. Earlier, he was a campaign aide for John F. Kennedy, having entered reform politics in the late 1940s as a leader of the Fair Deal Democratic Club, a group of reform Democrats dedicated to breaking the political influence of Tammany Hall.
I am not a terribly religious person, but the God I was taught about would be fine with lying under these circumstances.
Never mind "labour lieutenants" there isn't even a vacancy for "Labour Lance Corporals" to be filled from Congress House. Under its current General Secretary the TUC continues its tragic decline into irrelevance.
I just found this little snipet of an interview from a couple of years ago... enjoy!
What I like best about the result is that despite the fabric it did not fray at all and I am very pleased about that. To avoid fraying I applied beewax on the edges before overcasting.
On Jan. 4, Embrey posted the following on the Info page of the same Meetup: “how ’bout that letter to the editor in this week’s leesburg today dated 12/31. states our displays were tasteless, irreverent, irrelevant, obnoxious… goes on to state that some purposefully mocked and insulted others’ beliefs. it seriously requests that the courthouse not allow words next year but only displays (and of course gives the manger as a perfectly acceptable example). fine by me. i am picturing my son’s santa cross on that wordless lawn now! his ap is already in so bring it! lol.”
Nothing! Your first response should not be to leap into action–whether that be in defense of yourself or an offensive means of making changes that will better align yourself with the expectations of the person who is critiquing you. All critiques, to be properly handled, should be patiently evaluated and discerningly digested. These things spell time, which most of us don’t want to give to personal criticisms, but we must not neglect these measures or we will miss the blessing that is it be slowly squeezed out of them.
As has been our tradition for three years, Art and I took a day out of our Labor Day weekend to go antiquing in Bouckville with my folks. Despite Art’s insistence that only crazy people visit Bouckville after the big show has come and gone, every year I manage to find something interesting and worthwhile, and this year was not different.
Here is some great advice from a person who had to leave New Orleans. His advice not only spells it out really well for folks in Houston (BROTHER, YOU READING THIS?) but also has wise advice for you Austinites.
Unlike the credit bureaus, She will not just forget after seven years.
Ok, so don't get me wrong, as she continues, I can see her point. I totally feel her when she says that for once, she wants to sleep in (hallelujah!), not do laundry, wipe noses or behinds, etc. I have my days when I literally pull my hair and scream, "I need a break!" You all read my last post - things aren't always rosy in my world. Motherhood is not always simple, glamorous or magical.
I’ve even read studies confirming that with my first beta and my doubling time, I have a really good chance of this working.
I must apologize for my non-existent online presence these past couple months. As you can tell since orientation uni has consumed my life, mostly in a good way fortunately.
This way, termed ‘non-violent communication,’ means that no one gets offended and your relationship remains the same. It’s all about the self-control. We all need to let off some steam now again, but you can control the aftermath.
My current pair are somewhat reminiscent of my first being lace ups again.
or of white
Jesus satisfies my soul’s hunger
Because, and this is part of the point, I, too, was stupid and with the large public outcry over the ending when I finished the game. The subtlety and nuance of the ending, which now seem so clear and obvious, did not dawn on me. Why? Because I saw that damn meme with Morpheus from The Matrix offering Neo the blue and red pill and Commander Shepard below, obviously distraught, saying, ‘What, no green?’
Get another treat. Try again. Sit. No, don't climb on the furniture. Hey! Off the Drapes! Get squirt bottle. Spray cat for bad behavior. Notice cat has retreated to kitchen counter where you were keeping the treats. Try to get bag of treats away from cat. Squirt cat again. Let go of bag of treats to stop bleeding on your arm from where she swatted you. Wash and bandage wound. Pick up pieces of shredded plastic from the treat bag off the counter, floor, chair, and rug.
If you have been following my blog, recently.
In 1991, one of the lesser known Marvel Titles was given a live action adaptaion- Power Pack- following four children who are given superpowers by a dying alien to fight off an invading alien force. Directed by rick bennett, it has rarely been seen in it’s entirety, though some footage of it can be found online.
Rules/Mechanics
Another favorite attraction of ours was Talking with Crush (the turtle from Nemo). This "show" was amazing! The animated Crush on screen talked to and interacted with the audience perfectly in sync with his animation. He would take questions from and ask questions to people in the audience and said things like "You so totally rock dude!" Kyla (with Nate's help) asked Crush if he painted his fingernails like she does. When she said she was 2 he said, "Oh, you just hatched! Awesome." He was perfectly in character and sounded just like Crush on the movie. I have no idea how they did this but we all loved it. He was very funny and witty so it catered to adults just as much as the kids.
As with the last round, this one starts with Brauerei Spezial Bamberg but this time their Märzen. This pours a clear rich amber with a thin tan head. The aroma is somewhat fruity, in a fresh appealing way. Like fresh cooking apples. A bit like the Lagerbier, this has a restrained smokiness. It lingers on the tongue after the sweet caramel-like malts wash down. There's a slight bitterness that is spicey in nature, with an almost gingery warmth. Apples come out again in the finish. I hate to describe it like this, but I can't help thinking apple pie with a salty shortbread crust. Interesting. Unfortunately, after a while it gets a bit sticky-sweet and, for me at least, it wasn't really as enjoyable as their Lagerbier.
So happy Royal Wedding Day to all my fellow Anglophiles. Aren’t those two just the cutest?
Moving swiftly on, I came back and completed my degree in 1986. Thatcher’s Britain. I felt there were enough Bright Young Things hurtling headlong into the financial strongholds of the world and that a little more creative thinking wouldn’t go amiss. Hurtling headlong down a ski piste instead certainly had some appeal. So I had a chat with the boss of a local schools tour operator and managed to wangle my way into a job in the Alps. Ah yes, The Rep. Apart from a couple of days a week wrestling with paperwork and French bus companies, I had all the time in the world to sit on chairlifts and admire the scenery. So much better a perspective, I felt, from up there than down in the jungle of the stock market floors. I would swing my skies, contemplate the majestic vistas, breathe the clean air and contemplate life – and my day’s skiing.
Westernization
Guess what? The statues are still in the basement and the roof has been repaired with money from another source. My question was, “Why couldn’t they take that antique dealer’s offer.” Rickie replied, “Some kind of red tape and who was the real owner of the statues. I suppose the statues were property of the church and that was that. $14,000 dollars from a special collection wouldn’t break the bank, even if the church were losing its customers because they were getting older and older as time passes on.
“In the wave idea of light, colour is determined by the rate at which the wave wiggles; a rapid, energetic wiggle for blue and a more leisurely wiggle for red. You can measure the distance that the light travels for each wiggle, and this is the ‘wavelength’ – it appears to be less than a thousandth of a millimetre for light….
16. Don't The Girls All Get Prettier at Closing Time -- Mickey Gilley
Dress: Chicabooti
Your words
Civilian casualties
There was no person to represent her from her wonderful current preschool, because all the preschools on the island are private, and therefore not even obliged to even accept children with additional needs (you may or may not be aware that Jaime was already asked to leave our first choice of very expensive, exclusive preschool, apparently because she wasn't potty trained. Not because they had grossly underestimated how much time and effort it might take to include a child with special needs, and decided they didn't fancy the task after all. No. It was just because she wasn't fully potty trained. Honest).
Gives somewhere back the thoughts by England given;
You are the womb of life, Snow;
“The writing anything about my way of education I am much adverse to. It cannot, I think, be of service to anyone to know how I, who have lived such a retired life for so many years, used to employ my time and care in bringing up my own children. No one can, without renouncing the world, in the most literal sense, observe my methods; and there are few, if any, that would entirely devote above twenty years of the prime of life in hopes to save souls of their children, which they think may be saved without so much ado; for that was my principal intention, however unskillfully and unsuccessfully managed.” (Franklin Wilder, Immortal Mother, New York: Vantage Press, 1966, p. 43; italics added.)
it will be isaac's first time seeing the ocean... or any large body of water, for that matter.
Shaving Cream (NON Aerosol)
that faded celeb’s footwork
Have a great weekend and see y'all when I get back.
Herbal tea so it is not caffeinated.
The story starts off with Jack Lemmon as an obvious boozer who starts to date Lee Remicks “dozy lass” character. On the first date, he’s knocking back whiskey from a bottle in his coat pocket. She isn’t a drinker but he gets her on the booze with a chocolate cocktail. They marry, have a kid, and both sink a lot of booze. This leads to her burning down the apartment when drunk and him losing a series of jobs after getting the sack from his executive PR job. At this point I almost turned off. It appeared to me a run of the mill flawed morality tale about weak characters fucking up their lives. The bloke was obviously a controlling drunk to start with, she a weak willed dope that should have thought twice about him on the first date. But as I was halfway through, I continued. The film got slightly better before falling off a cliff into the realms where it was impossible to suspend disbelief. To engage in a film you have to accept what is occurring, essentially to believe and engage with the plot, even if it involves crap with aliens with pointy ears. At least temporally for the duration of the film. I could believe the point where Jack Lemmon sees his own reflection in a window, decides he’s a bum and rather than go into the bar he goes home and talks to his wife. I could believe it when they go and live with her Dad, go on the wagon and life looks up. I liked the bit where he walks into the kitchen and his father in law is having a beer, offers him one and he declines, instead going up to his wife to secretly get drunk. At this point the film was subtle in the points it was making and more effective for being so. He then ends up in a straight jacket in a looney bin, and a young Quincy from AA offers him help, which he takes. A looney bin? That happened quickly. Really? The drama fell off a cliff at that point. I accepted early doors that I was watching a propagandistic morality tale, but that for me this was the point where we found out the pointy eared alien was half human, begging the question how 2 species from 2 planets can mate, when we know that 2 species from the same planet cannot mate even if closely linked in an evolutionary sense. My belief could not be suspended and the film fell apart. Quincy saved it slightly as the AA guy, helping our main protagonist with a character that served to narrate the proceedings with his actions.
P and I bonded after the others turned on me. I was friendless, and P was there, needing an ally just as much as me. Eventually, by the following year, everyone had accepted P and let me back in. They thought they were doing me a favor. L and S, I could tell, felt bad about it all, and didn’t know how to 100% return to the bond we had before. There’s no going back.
and the True Path of humans on this earth;
Meditate
He lifts his teeth as if to bite!
Empiricists would argue that based on social conditioning I sought a mate that held a primal attraction and due to lack of understanding of biology and Geo-political issues, we procreated and further perpetuated our miserable existence all in the name of patriarchal archetypes, and ill-planning.
Just Because…I love you; Just Because…I appreciate you; Just Because…I wanted to!
Me: So what are you trying to say?
But it’s the third option he’s pushing, that’s for sure. I have a hanging plant on the railing outside of our slider. On the hook of the planter, in addition to the hanging flower pot, I hung a decorative bird house. (It’s got a decal on it, and it’s made of metal, but it was one dollar at a nursing home rummage sale.) I’ve just watched him manuever a too-wide-for-the-opening twig for several minutes before he figured out how to turn it the other way, with help from his good lady coaching from the sidelines. (It reminds me of myself, giving directions to the men trying to get the mattress in the house and up the stairs.)
What I find most appalling is that the piles of wood prepared on the market square for the burning of the youthful couples, were arranged in such a way that the condemned could watch each other burn to death; however, betraying no fear, the four doomed young people sang while they were brought closer and bound, each to a stake.
naming their delicate
I saw no animals on the trip, other than two wolves that I saw five minutes from my home when I was returning on Thursday evening. I had a good look at them as we sized each other up for a few minutes but was so surprised to see them that I didn’t even think to pick up my camera. I had a glimpse of two wolves running off the road back in February. Other than that I’ve never seen wolves near the road in 35 years in the Yukon.
06-21-2006
“In fixing the quantum, the government is always mindful of its repercussions on the country’s financial position. Any salary increase will also involve pension calculations and certain allowances.
I used some Kaisercraft goodies that my Mum bought me for Christmas (papers, flowers, brads, printed chipboard). Shock horror - would you believe there is no stamping on this??? That is VERY unusual for me, but it's good to break out of your comfort zone every now and again eh?
Take a listen, you'll find it surprisingly interesting and fun:
Cut up land – each house – a pool – kids wearing water
When ready to cook the gnocchi, bring a large pot of water to boil with 2 tbsp kosher salt. Carefully add the gnocchi in batches of 25 pieces. The gnocchi are ready to remove when they float to the top. Remove with a slotted spoon and place in the sage cream sauce and stir. Continue until all the gnocchi are cooked and well blended in the sage cream sauce. Serve immediately.
Mal’haran felt a chill race up his spine and he recognized an otherworldly magic at work. The darkness surrounding Mal’haran changed into the land that he had claimed over a painful, grueling hundred years. The last time he was sealed away brought about so many changes and made it much more difficult to assert his power over the world. “Do you like what you see, Algaisia?” asked the Voice. He was compelled to answer truthfully and shook his head almost humbly. That just made his blood boil even more.
But nooo! You had to start some random arc with a whole bunch of random characters with random backstories and random superpowers and royally screw up the flow of the story!
So, you know how we're supposed to be trying to get outta debt?
Okay. Lets take a break from all the food and drinks, and pay a visit to the bathroom. The single occupancy bathroom at Ryugin is incredible and mind-blowing. Not only is it impeccably decorated and clean, but it also provides many of the items you wish you had with you but you don’t. For example, there’s hand cream, eye lash curler, 4 different kinds of mouthwash, wipes for your glasses, and pretty much an entire make-up kit! If you do use, lets say a portion sized mouthwash, a service staff will immediately go in and restock that particular item. How’s that for service?
Tuesday March 30
773 - 472 - 4505
At first, I thought that humans had cut down the trees, but I saw unmistakable teeth marks from beavers on the trees. Could it be that the new swamp is a beaver pond? I thought about trying to find the spot on the creek where the water is being dammed up, but since I had already chased the wood ducks once already, I thought it best to let them rest for a day or two before I go crashing around back in there again.
There was a woman selling her house and she had several Hydrangea shrubs for sale. I thought this was weird.. to sell the landscaping of the house you just sold but I want lots o' flowers in front of my house, like yesterday!
“My main memory,” Matt told me, “was his ability to talk non-stop for hours. “There was no ‘off’ button. I remember my mum telling me how my parents had had a huge housewarming party in the 1970s and Frank was last person to sleep at night sitting in an armchair, still muttering away, and the first person up in the morning, at full-power over breakfast.
Same rules apply as to the 5 Minute Faces; no sketching first, pencil straight to paper. But it was more like 30 minutes than 5. Instead of pointy ears, I’ve given him pointy teeth. I’m sorry, I just couldn’t help myself.
don't get me wrong. i don't excuse myself from living a healthy life. i need to eat healthy and exercise more than ever before. and not for my appearance, but for my level of energy and strength to raise a son. so embracing is different than excusing. and i think that is where lots of women get hung up after a baby... the ones who slowly let themselves go. i hope i won't embrace so much that it becomes laziness. i could see that happening so easily with me.
1-2 tsps of garam masala ( adjust acc to ur taste)
The reason could be anything. Maybe you violated some arcane, meaningless regulation among the hundreds of thousands of pages of US Code (ignorance of the law is NOT an excuse!). Maybe you were at the wrong place at the wrong time. Or maybe they had no real reason at all other than mere suspicion.
The other cool thing about these built-in videos is the way they’ve based so many of them on things in the real world. Earth Online is packed full of little in-jokes like that, but these machinima especially. For example, there’s a series of pretty lengthy films obviously based on the actual adventures of Harrison Jones. (For anyone new to Earth Online, by the way – totally check out the first three if you can find them, they’re really well done. But the fourth one, seriously, don’t even bother. I have no idea what they were thinking. I mean really, ETHEREALS?) Or, they have another series of machinima about these giant mechanicals, where the main villain is obviously supposed to be a reference to Negatron out in Netherstorm.
Though not for sober ear;
B: I think she knows.
Some people try to make the movement’s incoherence, its refusal to declare what its goals are, as something approaching a strategy in itself. Ah, yes – the old “we have no strategy” strategy. Apparently, not knowing what you’re doing or where you wish to go is now something of a mystic state. Declining to nominate a spokesman, decrying the very idea of leaders and leadership, working to “consense” all your scattered issues is the new way of building a movement.
"lake house" was recently painted from dark brown overall to
“They’re always the end of something great, you know?”
I stroked my chin and took stock of the situation. It appeared that the old woman was as certain of her supernatural powers as the clown and, moreover, had a legitimate grievance that required redress. These facts would clearly have to be accommodated in any resolution of the dispute.
I wasn’t a fan of City Hunter, all the plot loopholes made me sigh in frustration coz they were so in-your-face that I couldn’t understand how audiences could overlook the loopholes and still think the drama was good. I earnestly hope that this doesn’t happen in “City Conquest”: that the script holds water and is intelligent with good editing and pacing, and it doesn’t feature a weak-willed female lead. And of course, that Hyun Joong kicks ass and shows all the naysayers who’s boss. ^^v
As soon as she arrives, Gail clashes with Diana, the leader of the school’s most powerful clique. The Winged make Gail’s life hell until she find allies: her airhead roommate; a cowardly fellow victim of the Winged; and, bit by bit, Diana’s boyfriend–the seemingly heartless Nick.
The other hallfling rogue, who called himself Bud, was the first to react. Pushing others out of his way, he proudly proclaimed for the others to watch and “see how it was done.” He then gets the rope and with a heave, leaps off into space. Unfortunately (and due to very terrible die rolling, hello natural 1) his hands immediately begin slipping and as he is over the mid point of the stream, the end of the rope slips through his sweaty little palms, dropping him into the drink. He makles no splash.
Ophelia was a child, a princess of her destinies
I'm very sorry to say that I cannot host Tag Tuesday at this time. As some of the regular players know, I have been struggling with my health a lot lately, and I've realized that I just do not have the energy needed right now to do this blog challenge, even though I really want to. I only have so many energy "tokens" available, and the amount various from day to day with this illness, so sometimes I have "spent" them all and have nothing left to carry on through the day. I am really sorry to just spring this on you this way, and sincerely hope that someone else will take the helm. Thanks very much for playing along with my challenges and I wish the best for all of you! Please come visit me from time to time at my other blog, A Rabbit In The Garden.
There is a bunch of paperwork in relation to my application in Abu Dhabi as well. Currently I have my Oregon Secretary of State Authenticated teaching license and diploma with a company in Washington DC. The company, ProEx, will take my docs to the US Department of State, to have them authenticated; then to the UAE Emabassy for the same purpose. All this has to be done in person as well, which is why I hired ProEx, though I’d love to be in DC right now! When ProEx is done they will send everything back to me (fingers crossed).
spending much more on
In all the ongoing discussions regarding the “hacking” there has been little clear reporting of precisely what was done by Mr Mulcaire and the other investigators used by the press.
Unless you can know, when unpraised by his breath,
The Chinese are best known to love food. They go out with family on a dinner, unlike the Japanese who are individualistic. Somehow, family values are practiced in Chinese culture more than anything else. That’s where the Filipinos inherited family values. Also, the color red. The color red maybe a sign of courage, but for the Chinese, it is a symbol of good luck.
You can mourn or share your stories in the Comments, as well as by emailing me (reviewsbyisam@yahoo.com). And make sure to follow me on Twitter. I tweet about all of my new posts, as well as Mac and iOS news. Just head over to twitter.com/reviewsbyisam.
Maryse Leclair, 23 - materials engineering
Forgive my play on words! I’m just a tad bit tired from a flurry of activity and lack of sleep. When I get tired, I tend to get somewhat silly, sometimes almost extremely so. Once, after a long 3 days of working double shifts as a cashier and hardly any sleep, I even did an Edith Ann impression and skit for a few of my customers. Yeah, I know. Some of you probably don’t have a clue who Edith Ann was. That’s ok. You can google just about anything these days, you know. LOL! Anyways, I promise not to go into my Edith Ann rendition here.
“They were an odd bunch: serious and cerebral by times, chatty and cliquish at others, but I liked them and admired both their integrity and single-minded devotion to Irish unity. I suppose they reminded me of my grandfather. One in particular even looked like him: white haired, squat and muscular with a face set in granite, conviction cased in steel, all his instincts tuned to the force of his own moral compass.”
In other news, I'm walking for the March of Dimes this year again. If you'd like to make a donation you can email me and I will send you the contact info. I understand money is tight right now for everyone. For the first time since Dylan was born I'm strapped and unsure of how much I will be able to donate. Next year, however, I'm organizing a Tricky Tray to benefit the March of Dimes and all proceeds are going towards team Loving Lily. It's a lot of work, but exciting because I know it's going towards a good cause. If anyone is interested or if they think their employers would be interested in donating something it's going towards a wonderful cause. The even it scheduled for April of 2011. So far we've contacted over 200 companies and have heard back from quite a few that they will be donating. You can donate items, gift cards, monitary donations...even things like paper plates, hot dogs, chips, baked goods for a bake sale...you name it! We need much more than just prizes. I'm trying to reach out to every single person in my network and hope that they will reach out to people in their network. Sometimes all it takes is someone who knows someone. Again, you can email me at cinderella20032@aol.com. Thank you in advance!
#419 Classic Delight Hot Cocoa Mix ~ Warm up your insides with our easy to make Gourmet Classic Delight Hot Cocoa.
The wife spent a fair few days in Brussels on business this year, which meant a Belgian beer bonanza for me. Ordering by remote control can be a dangerous game but I've never had a problem in saying "Just anything by De La Senne. You'll know them by the labels." From a brewery with a wonderful eye for design, brooding Equinox is one of my favourites.
The culmination of all kinds of yoga practices lies in bhakti-yoga. All other yogas are but means to come to the point of bhakti in bhakti-yoga. Yoga actually means bhakti-yoga; all other yogas are progressions toward the destination of bhakti-yoga. From the beginning of karma-yoga to the end of bhakti-yoga is a long way to self-realization. Karma-yoga, without fruitive results, is the beginning of this path. When karma-yoga increases in knowledge and renunciation, the stage is called jñāna-yoga. When jñāna-yoga increases in meditation on the Supersoul by different physical processes, and the mind is on Him, it is called aṣṭāṅga-yoga. And, when one surpasses the aṣṭāṅga-yoga and comes to the point of the Supreme Personality of Godhead Kṛṣṇa, it is called bhakti-yoga, the culmination. Factually, bhakti-yoga is the ultimate goal, but to analyze bhakti-yoga minutely one has to understand these other yogas. The yogī who is progressive is therefore on the true path of eternal good fortune.
Dinner: See tomorrow . . . . .
Thankfully the woman escaped unharmed from her vampy assailant. Police later found Bensley all but naked in parking lot sporting only his tattoos, body piercings and a pair of boxer shorts. Galveston Police Captain Jeff Heyse reported that upon apprehension, nosferatu boy claimed that he was “a 500 year old vampire that needed to feed”.
-WILL GRAYSON, WILL GRAYSON by John Green and David Levithan (again, no review required).
But will not the administrators become the new ruling class? Democratic organisation does indeed involve the delegation of functions to groups and individuals. Such people will be charged by the community with organising necessary social functions. They will be chosen by the community and will be answerable to it. Those who perform the administrative functions in Socialism would be in no position to dominate. They will not be regarded as superior persons, as tends to be the case today, but as social equals doing just an essential job. Nor will they have at their command armies and policemen to enforce their will. There will be no opportunity for bribery and corruption since everybody, including those in administrative jobs, will have free access to the stock of wealth set aside for individual consumption. The material conditions for the rise of a new ruling class would not exist.
Connie Lloyd, Tee Tree
He’s very reliant on text messages, IM’ing and email for the majority of his contact
The lights in his house came back on and he saw his male patient staring up at him with a naked grin. “Daniel, what are you doing?” He was disgusted and disappointed because he thought he had her back. “How did you do that?”
While I was still teaching, I had many streams of income coming in from all different directions. This made my transition to staying-at-home much easier.
then Thursday last, the castle.
Favorite music?
South Africa. Okah also plans to call over 100 witnesses in
Claims that she will have a penis
I relied on information from the Hunter Community Environment Centre and a local group (Correct Planning & Consultation for Mayfield Group). I certainly don’t trust the Environmental Assessment created for Port Waratah Coal Services, but I’m also not sure how reliable the information from the other groups is either. I suspect they have been careful in their research and I certainly do not question their motives. They do, however, have an agenda to push (which I fully support) so I think there is a danger that we might be selective in our data and present the worse case scenario .
Tuesday, May 22, 2012 (registration by May 11th)
There are so many times that I try too hard to fit a role that is just not right for me, be it the athlete, the size zero, or the perfectionist. Yet, when it comes right down to it, the only thing truly worthwhile is love, whether it is the people I love or the activities that I love. And in giving love, I receive love. I can’t– and I won’t– bottle up my soul. Clearly, as my rambling may suggest, this song was a perfect match for me.
Morrell grew up in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, and studied American literature at Penn State University in the late ’60s, which he has taught in the U.S. ever since.
Unfortunately, my washer is no longer working. The repair guy said it will cost almost as much to fix it as it will to buy a new similar model. The thing is, if I get a new washer, I'll want something that's been tranformed and if I get something transformed I'll want a dryer to go with it.
“In everything one must consider the end.” (Jean De La Fontaine)
This nursery is always in a bit of a shambles. Some plants are thriving, others dying for a drink. But if you root around for a while you can manage to find a few treasures.
Tony Marlowe MP in Northampton told the Oxford University Conservative Association in 1981, “Hordes of exotic invaders have flooded the continent (Europe) wishing to help themselves to the luxuries of Western living. Nowhere has the pressure been greater than in the United Kingdom. No country has been less prepared to stem the flow than our own. In this land which proclaims free speech free discussion has been stifled by humbug and by the censorship of an establishment unwilling to contemplate the radical cures which alone can reverse the tide.” “What would be unacceptable and should not under any circumstances be tolerated is a policy of suppression and inaction for no policy can be more calculated to bring about the racial holocaust which we should all so earnestly strive to avoid.”
It was clear from day one that the Anglo-American empire, along with its clients like Qatar, were actively supporting and planning to bring destablization to the country. From the very first days of the civil war in Janurary 2011, before the shell casings had even hit the ground, western envoys and consultants worked with known al-Qaida fighters and criminals in Libya to form a new NTC government, a new central bank and a new state oil holding company. NATO were deployed to give brutal air support to these new gangs of rebel paramilitaries, and for nearly 10 months, both those groups killed, tortured, raped and looted everything in their path.
The train is approaching …
No bed names no sex games just clone names and clone games
I guess I'm just surprised I like it so much. Which I guess I shouldn't be surprised about since my favorite country music has been from England since the Byrds and the Stones started doing country-rock in the 60's.
These buildings were put together in about 2 hours with no problems. The MDF they are made out of is not something I've seen before, but it is sturdy, flat, has a slight texture (almost like paper pulp) and cut with precision to fit almost seamless. The doors bases and frames are made from a type of plywood.
(You can sort of see this blog post is not going to be a deep one can't you?)
No matter what, make sure you check out the blog sometime on Monday for a full recap and review of tonight’s finale. And as always, I want to hear what you think as well!
1. I get to be a MOMMY. I get to just love on my two children that kind of get thrown on this crazy teacher train ride that their parents take every year (yes, my husband is also a teacher). They live a teacher's kid life and sometimes that sucks for them. They have to share us with forty-something other children! During the summer..... I am stuck to them like glue.
(this line break represents several weeks)
There's a code of conduct employed in the catering world on occasions such as this.
The reason the PICC line was stopped and the femoral line was put in was for two reasons. #1 she was too dehydrated so her veins were shot and #2 her body was under too much stress and she stopped breathing during the procedure.
goal setting. I have included steps to reach these goals,
The arbiter reminded him that time was running out, to which the student replied that he had several extremely relevant answers, but couldn't make up his mind which to use.
I'm so jealous for anyone that can score a copy of Bloodlines, the spin off series to VA! I am mostly looking forward to chatting with all the bloggers! There's so much you can talk about with your friends about books! I can't wait! Oh and the Tuesday posts, discovering everyone's favourite books will be so so awesome!
But that's just my opinion.
“This book is an excellent contribution to our national discourse”—Booklist
She was only half right when she made this claim. Whilst they “do not suffer less because they have no words” they can tell us how they feel. Clare has read that cats are capable of making 100 vocal sounds which they tend to reserve for communication with their owners. And we can certainly testify to the validity of this assertion. In the relatively short space of time that Jemima has been with us we have heard her make a wide variety of sounds and there is a pattern to them. We have so far learnt the sounds for:
"Don't leave me.....STELLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"
But after being arrested on suspicion of murder, Chaudhry claimed that her boyfriend - who is not the child's father - told her to do it. She says he instructed her to do it, whereas he says that they more or less figured it out together after talking about how to discipline her.
When this is put alongside the fact that there is a raft of current, legal, policies against this type of development in the strategic gap and on public open space, it is clear that the majority of people DO NOT WANT this development in it’s current form.
This is where C.A.P and I sat from 9:30 until 11:30. He sat on the potty (yes, for two hours) and I sat on the floor.
Master British gardener Alys Fowler guides those with small spaces through simple steps to create a bountiful, thriving garden. After covering the processes of planning, composting, pruning, harvesting, propagating and even rescuing neglected plants, every reader, no matter how minute their space is, can create a gorgeous oasis. Paperback: 192 pages.
Bring Granulated Sugar and Water to boil in a large heavy skillet, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add peel and boil, stirring, until most syrup is absorbed, about 10 – 12 minutes.
Mix all ingredients (except for the extra sugar for dipping the glass) together well using a heavy duty mixer.
I could not help but stop on a cold and windy day to take a closer look, I imagined the history of the farmhouse and wondered on her beginnings. It was clear that restoration work had started some years ago but that it had rudely stopped mid stream. The shutters were falling from their hinges, the doors had long disappeared and the Starlings were the only creatures in residence. I could see that repairs had started on the roof yet the massive crane in pride of place had rusted over and building materials were half buried in the over-grown weeds. As I peered through the padlocked gates I remembered my own Provencal journey. I am happy that I am not contemplating restoration and I am even more than happy to know that my cosy farmhouse is waiting for me at the end of the day but I would be less than honest if I didn't admit to a few sparks of interest and stomach turns when I saw this French farmhouse.
of the raging
TAAB versions in both of these are the full monty versions. (NOT the readers digest
I'm getting much better cold wise...and business has been wonderful..which all
Chopper: I'm just a bloody normal bloke. A normal bloke who likes a bit of torture.
b. God initiates change. Gal 5:16”Let the Spirit direct your lives and your will not satisfy the desires of human nature. Put God first in our lives Matt 6:33”Seek ye the Kingdom of God….” Phil 2:13 “For God is at work within you helping you to want to obey Him & their helping you to do what He wants.
I snapped this fun Lichtenstein over Michael's shoulder and later heard a guard tell
I actually made two pages this time. I made this one first but couldn't really decide if I liked it or not,
Although the Boers thought they had at last found freedom from colonialism, they were wrong. The British Empire launched two more attempts to recolonize them - the second time being successful.
I think it’s an experience I’m happy to have only one time, though; we were very thankful to sit down the following day.
Themes are the overall subject of the style trend for the prom. This year, the well accepted theme is futuristic. This makes prom dresses for 2010 capture the shine and sparkle design. Go also with silver tones, gold embellishments, and other sleek accessories.
BRIT: "In the village lived a man called Smith..."
Title Page. Center the title and the author’s name. Type the author’s contact information in the lower left corner.
After that, I spent years studying art history, translating art books and doing all kinds of jobs until a friend suggested I try earning a living from what I really loved doing. Back to the drawing board!
Wow. Just let me say, comparatively speaking: a knitted cable is much, much, MUCH easier to do than a crocheted cable. And for someone who has struggled with knitting (me) I am amazed at how easily this is just flowing off of my needles.
despite the fact that it was december,
AquariusChannelings.com
Right now it looks like we will start with a simple long bar mounted to the wall, because its quicker to do and then do a full pull-up cage after that.
He would have told her how long it had been since he'd seen a summer meadow, with or without butterflies adorning it, but he was too aware of the feel of her hand on his arm. She was not applying any pressure at all, but it drew his senses. That butterfly touch, even muted by her gloves and his coat, made him aware of how alien she truly was, how soft and clean and fragrant, so different from the men with whom he spent his days and his nights.
What I love about this novel, is the way Miéville almost seems to poke fun at the stereotypical fantasy ‘quest’ stories, like Tolkien for example, who he has often slated quite openly in the past. Zanna is the chosen one, the one who has been prophesised to save Un Lun Dun from the Smog, but this novel doesn’t quite go in the direction you expect it to. The focus ends up on Deeba, the un-chosen one. Deeba may not be in the infamous book of prophecies, she may not be the one the people of Un Lun Dun have been waiting for, but she certainly makes a spectacular heroine and one I came to love like my own friend. She’s your average teenager who isn’t out looking for fame or fortune, she just wants to protect not only her friends and family, but the people of Un Lun Dun who she has come to care about more than she ever thought possible.
He has a very creative, inventive mind. Each week I would sit beside him, finding him things and talking a bit. Slowly he started to relate more to me and slowly we started to have more of a connection. I know he loves coming here, but what I am working on is attachment repair and empathy building and it is slow careful work. As his therapist I am not trying to be the mother he didn’t have, but I am trying to help him open up to experience some of the feelings that most children have in their childhood experience with a caring parent; trust, safety, care and empathy. He is changing. Before he often acted like I wasn’t there and he had a strong ability to dissociate or tune out. Now when he makes himself a smoothie he asks if I want some. This is a large step. Small changes mean big shifts in the work that I do. When he comes in the door, instead of looking at the art table to see what goodies I have, he looks for me. His eyes light when he sees me and he talks to me. This never happened in the first six months.
A life of intimate union with the Mind and Heart of God nourished by the assiduous exercise of prayer – a life of continual prayer for prayer seeks that in everything, every moment of our life, we see, understand, pursue, and most perfectly accomplish only God’s loving and saving designs. To live then a life of continual prayer is to live in the presence of God or the practice of the presence of God. As recommended by our holy mother St. Teresa of Jesus (Teresa of Avila) to souls aspiring to divine intimacy, this practice of the presence of God aims at keeping the Beloved always present in our mind and heart, even when we are engaged in our daily tasks. “We must retire within ourselves even during our ordinary occupations,” says La Madre. “If I can recall the companionship I have within me for so much as a moment, that is of great utility” (Way of Perfection, 29).
Always, always, always send a thank you letter after meeting with an employer for an interview of any kind. Most job seekers do not do this, and better yet it will set you apart. Handwritten is most impressive but, let’s be honest, if you don’t have the best handwriting an e-mail may work. Try to hand write whenever possible, and send one to every person who participated in the interview process.
Vocabulary: Vocabulary From Classical Roots A & B
The other design specifications include a strong focus on safety and a comfortable ride, full-length glazing, extra-wide doors and the latest safety features. And for those fun loving people, one of the cabins has a mobile bar and high-end multimedia system installed so that it can be used for private parties and company events.
It’s actually not useful at all, from the outside, to tell the movements what to do, especially with people who have access to publish in certain places. And there’s quite a few. Whether well-meaning—people, Zizek, telling us we must be serious revolutionaries and anti-capitalists and do this, that and the other. And, you know, with all respect, either engage in the discussion, because it is open—all of it is open, and we need to have these conversations, and we’d love to have more intellectuals who relate to the movements relating to us directly and having the discussions, not telling us what to do. That part is not useful. But we’re organizing despite all of it, and the movement is flourishing.
That “next generation”— of which Stockwell is certainly a part— picked up Scruggs’ mantle and carried it forward. Indeed, it was Stockwell who taught Scruggs style banjo to the other half of Hot Mustard’s banjo team, Bill Jubett. That’s why it’s fair to say that, as Stockwell and Jubett lock into that boogie-woogie riff near the end of “Hold Whatcha Got,” we are hearing the literal manifestation of Scruggs’ legacy being preserved and passed on.
Add black strips to each side of the white sheet.
I would love to tell you that I have some leftover but...umm...they're all in my belly...
We would like to avoid this, but feel that the window of opportunity is closing rather more quickly than some might imagine. Our greatest concern is that, despite the growing anger and alarm on the part of the British people with respect to mass immigration in general and Muslim immigration in particular, these feelings might not give rise to the necessary coalescence of political will on the part of our elected representatives in time to try and prevent the horrendous future that otherwise awaits us. We say again that the only course of action that gives us the slightest chance of avoiding the horrors outlined here is that of shutting down Muslim immigration and refusing to subsidize the higher Muslim fertility that is pushing us towards the brink. If Muslim immigration is shut down, if the cessation of all influxes of Muslims from the ‘old country’ helps Muslims integrate (whatever one understands by the term), and if the Muslim population of the UK stabilizes at a sufficiently low level (whatever that level might be), then there is at least a slight possibility that a British vs. Muslim violent conflict can still be avoided.
13. Hire ‘Action’ oriented employees. – LG was once asked, “What do you really want people to do?” He answered, “Win, execute and team.”
Potatoe puree
Life feels meaningless..
Okay, on to the card instructions. I started with a 5-1/2" x 8-1/2" piece of Wisteria Wonder card stock that was scored at 4-1/4". I stamped the card front with French Filigree in Wisteria Wonder ink. Next I cut a piece of Whisper White card stock 3-1/4" x 4-1/4". I stamped the French Filigree background stamp onto the Whisper White card stock in Concord Crush ink. Then I tore along the two long edges and sponged all the way around with more Concord Crush ink. I adhered this piece onto a 3-1/2" x 4-1/4" piece of Concord Crush card stock and then tore along the long edges of the Concord Crush card stock to create a mat. This panel was adhered onto the card front.
"Tirra lirra," by the river
This evening, I was drinking next to the new chef. Nice guy. I reckon the food looks very good indeed. It should be changing soon. Interesting.
I don't discipline* my kids because I see their behaviors as developmental stages, just like the ones along the way to walking. I remember that each child learns to walk at his own pace, when all the developmental pieces are in place for him. I remember that pushing a child to learn to walk is both futile and unnecessary. This is why I don't push my kids to behave in certain ways, when they are clearly not ready. We talk about our actions and how they affect other people. But I don't expect the kids to fully grasp these things, until they do.
From their blurb:
The lawsuit takes aim at Baracon director Brett Rogers, whom La Trobe claims “aided, abetted, counselled, procured and was knowingly concerned” in contravention of the Trade Practices Act when the Argus building was sold in 2004 to the university for $8 million.
Scrunch it up in your hands
Of negative knowledge, the night when, drunk, one
Arid interrogation: yet the dread
Suitable for ages: 3 +
Or maybe I’m wrong. Detroit today is the poster child for American urban blight with a list of horribles associated with the city that is longer than the Old Testament. The thing is that even with all that, Motown has some things going for it. It still has a decent climate and an advantageous geographic location. More importantly, it has a population that could perhaps be led down a different path if given the right leadership.
* This flat is made of 70% rayon bamboo and 30% organic cotton fleese.
Cuz the slop I’m ploppin’ in up top’s
Cloak of Wind and Beacom Quest
I have a very sore eye due to a large scratch which extends from the outer corner up across my iris and I have antibiotic cream to apply 4 times a day.
-Less snazzy looking templates (old school-looking) and often boring. Even when customized doesn't always look that great.
And when my eyes adjusted, to the flashin of his smile;
We planted 5 different varieties – Kennebec’s make up half our total as they are the best storage Potato, we also have Superior, Chieftains (red Potatoes), Russian blues and Purple potatoes. In all we have over an acre of Potatoes planted.
In just a few minutes I will have my Wild Orchid Challenge card posted and will be offering the last basket which this time is PINK and filled with some SWEET STUFF!!! So don't miss it today!!!! Hugs to all!!!
A question already? Yes? You in the back. The one I planted in the lecture hall to ask the questions I want to answer. You want to know what I mean by good writing? Thank you for asking.
11:00 – Location Bus
The situation seems to be much the same in other parts of the social work realm. Psychiatric social workers must compete against psychiatrists and psychiatric nurses, within medical environments that can feel like foreign turf. Social workers who want to work with couples have to compete against marriage and family therapists and against counseling psych graduates, both of whom tend to get better and more specialized training because their curricula are less burdened with redundant drivel mandated by the CSWE. On the research side, there are social work faculty, teaching at the doctoral level, whose teaching abilities and subject-matter knowledge compare poorly against those of good high school math and science teachers. With prayer, doctoral students taught by these geniuses might someday succeed in proposing and conducting good research. I do believe in miracles. But where my faith fails, it is once again the poor who get screwed, as their putative rainmakers and miracle workers turn out to be frauds.
Still haven’t heard a reply, but it’s only been four and a half months, so my fingers (and I hope now yours) are still well and truly crossed.
7. Tennessee Jed - 7:59
I recently had the pleasure of working with a darling bride. She wanted a unique wedding invitation for their small, intimate wedding. Her young daughters were going to be a part of the ceremony with a small gathering of family and friends in her home. She wanted the sweet nature of the ceremony reflected in the invitation that was to be hand delivered to each guest.
It seems like when it comes right down to it, weddings are basically a pain in the ass and if you have one, it’s going to cost you a shit-load of moolah. Just ask Steve Martin.
By some miracle she did sleep for a little more over the weekend, plus my hubby was available to keep her contented, so I managed to escape into the loft for a little while ... it was bliss!! Although I should have taken the opportunity and make quick cards, I just wanted to play ... so embossing powders, the heatgun and sewing machine all made an appearance.... I didn't know where I was going with this when I started I just continued playing and fiddling, and this was the result.
Quick clip from MosDef @ Fort Greene Fest 2011. Shakey at first but it levels, enjoy
Under the supervision of CWOP’s Executive Director, the Network Coordinator will:
Since I read The Opposite of Me so long ago and didn’t write a review then, I'm just going to give you the back-of-the-book blurb:
A lifestyle and home decor magazine that believes "in making design choices that lead to personal happiness"
Oh yeah, oh yeah yeah, oh yeah
I consider this one a rough draft. I plan on playing around on the website to see if I can get all the blue colors to match exactly. I'd like more of a variety of fat and skinny lines, too. And maybe even a different font.
By Tricia Baehr
ME - (Eventually...) Er....
"God does not further our spiritual life in spite of our circumstances, but in and by our circumstances." - Oswald Chambers
On January 19, the programme for experts included:
but we are bound to it from root to branch
My words were greeted with stunned silence and also some surprise. Obviously the males present had not thought about this possibility. Hopefully without being too judgmental, dare I say sexism was still alive and well around that table?
“We have submitted a claim under (UNCLOS) sometime in late 2008. We got a reply from the UN lately (asking us) to answer some questions. They intend to pass a resolution sometime in mid-2012 to approve our claim (that it is) part of the Philippine continental shelf,” Environment Secretary Ramon Jesus Paje said, in a statement, after the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) formally submitted its proposed P16.99-billion (US$40 million) budget for 2012 to the Senate finance committee.
This is a case where I think that perhaps he ought to start doing really heavy drugs again, if by chance he has stopped. And for Pete's sake, don't make another holiday album, Scott. Go back to not showering and I'll stop being mad at you, it's all going to be alright. But most of all, Scott Weiland….. shhhhhh.
I know this space is mine................
This is my very first pair of Anthro shoes. Shoe buying is an arduous process for me after going through surgery in November, as well-documented here. I figured these were fairly safe since there is no heel/toe pinching potential involved. I was surprised that the footbed is actually somewhat padded so they are fairly comfortable. Hooray, after yesterday's wedge disappointment.
Keeping in mind that St. Monica has no power to help out except through intercessory prayer, like anyone else who might pray for you, clearly, prayer is something at which Monica really, really excelled.
You all need to go follow her wonderful greatness and check out the many other things she has going on over there including the release of her new stamp sets. You can find out about those by clicking this THIS LINK HERE.
I must say that it is the second man whom we should try to emulate. His general spirit should be our "template". His response to King Lear tells us not just of his openness to new experience or a healthy curiosity: to formulate his advantage in such ways would be to fall into the very utilitarian faith in reduction and measurement that appears to diminish the first man! The second man has a spiritual advantage, which I link to my own views on aesthetics. He feels experience and reflection to be intrinsically valuable rather than as a mere means to score a goal or have a rational calculation of reality. He is also responding to Shakespeare in exactly the way Shakespeare intended for his plays to be received. All of Shakespeare - and, come to think of it, all of the best of the arts - is intended to help us to become different sorts of people as a result of our experience.
The night it finally ended, Wednesday, December 13, I watched the speeches on television just like everybody else. I was back in my apartment in New York, ready to resume my life, but still held in some kind of suspended animation by this horrible, tedious process. But now, yes, it was over.
“The touch of her hands
to the rhythm of
Yuck. I haven't had strep in a few years. But it knocks me on my rear.
Thanks for dropping by!!
Sam would ride ahead, circle back to us, and go again.
She of course had physical therapy this month. As every other month things are going well. We are just concerned a little that she isn't crawling yet. Our physical therapist said it isn't something we should worry about. Since she was premature and has spent so much time in the hospital since birth she isn't surprised that she isn't crawling. So, for now, we aren't going to spend too much time worrying about it.
But one must take it because it is right. ….MLK Jr.
To bring this grind to a grinding halt
Camping tomorrow and I feel rubbish. Damn germs. I'm dousing them in ginger shots and Dr Juice, which means I can at least keep going, but yeah I do yearn to just go to bed. Soon, not much more to do;
But God starts by giving me a much bigger picture. A picture of what He is doing: Father, Son, Spirit, as He gives in rich variety to his people, through our different individual works, service and gifts. God is the Giving God. This is the Trinitarian God actively at work amongst his people; the loving community of the God-head producing the tools and energies needed for the local church to work and bestowing them to us through each other.
Red Roses For A Blue Lady
then all could see by the shine in his eyes
Here's a view from the trail up French Creek, a tributary of the Allegheny River that was named by George Washington in 1753:
___________________
it's a picture of the three remaining members of my family. My mother was the only one of her family to have any children and none of us have any. Seems the three of us were seldom photographed together. Probably a reason for that. Sheesh, what a crew.
Darren C. Bohan, 34, New York, N.Y.
"Keep going," said their dad, raising his voice to be heard above the wind. "It's fine!"
Historically server power benchmarks were not available and thus the only way for initial data center power planning was to rely on power data provided by system vendors in the form of faceplate values. But the use of faceplate value is flawed at the first place as it indicates the maximum power requirements for each component irrespective of its configuration or utilization. But the power consumption of a system is linearly correlated with its utilization. Because of this, a huge gap exists between the data center’s anticipated power require­ment and the actual power required by its equipment. Another option which is used is fixed de-rating where an arbitrarily percentage or number is subtracted from the nameplate value considering that the system’s faceplate rating is higher than its actual use. For example a 1,000 watt rated server would be de-rated by a fixed 20 percent which means you are assuming that it would consume 800 watts. However this is not true as its power consumption would be dependent on the utilization and estimated value most often is grossly inflated. As you might think, finding the correct percentage by which de-rating should be done is nearly impossible without any measurement tool. Two servers of the same manufacturer and model can consume different powers because of the utilization.
Of course, some Muslim criminals are already deported from European countries. Here, however, I refer to the deportation of anyone of Muslim heritage, citizen of their host country or no. It would need to be decided which crimes warranted deportation, and which groups could have their members deported should those members be so foolish as to be convicted of breaking the relevant laws. Once these decisions had been made, however, a significant fraction of the young, male Muslim population of any European country would fairly shortly be available for deportation, especially if relevant new legislation were to be applied retroactively. The ability to break up families and generally destroy the confidence of Muslims in their status in European countries would be at least as significant as the actual deportations. Additionally, the Muslim unrest that would undoubtedly result from any such large-scale deportations would provide a fresh stream of ‘volunteers’ to be deported, making it a potentially very potent weapon in the hands of committed de-Islamizers.
"They're mad because we took away their little lot by Borough Hall," she said. "They are so petty."
My hair passed! I was one of only 3 selected! In fact, my hair generated a great deal of excitement, and I had a small crowd of sassoonists circled around me, touching my hair and oohing and aahing. My flatmates watched in amazement. What was so great about my hair? It was pristine hair. Some of the sassoonists told me that they had never before seen pristine hair on a female over the age of 12. They stared at me like I was an endangered species of bandicoot, or a never-before-seen mythical creature. It was a bit unnerving.
Anyone else have days like this? How do you stay motivated?
1 formidable
In our Citizen’s United corporatocracy, I’m not sure I want a (soon-to-be) public company to have this kind of access to all my information. Everything I “like.” Everything I click on. Every story I read or post has built a profile of who I am, and probably what I’m likely to buy. I’m not ready to have my profile be just one more commodity up for grabs on the stock exchange. I am a person, not just a consumer.
JR: What advice would you give to grade 11 students to help them with the IB programme?
and hug her literally melt.my.heart!!!
Decorate as desired.
As a result I have started looking into upgrading machines and using this one as my back-up. I am expecting a little extra money to come within the next couple of weeks so now is definitely the time to do this. The only problem is I am not sure which machine I want to go with. I have always had Kenmore machines, which were produced by Janome for the Sears brand. I know that before I mentioned how awesome I think the 160th Anniversary Singer is, but I just cannot bring myself to purchase a Singer brand. Ever since Singer went bankrupt and was bought by another company I have heard quite a few bad things about their quality. Also, for the things I am sewing for my job, Singers just do not cut it.
Even the mailman packs a 9.
Melissa W: What is your favorite line, passage, chapter from this book?
A groupiw asked about good places to bring kids. I thought about ignoring it, but I gotta please the fans. First off, if you can ditch the ankle biters, it would be best. They don't like standing for hours watching alt-country-punk-rock-singersong-writers. They also can't buy beer, and whine. Unfortunately, as payback, Ms. Knoxious puts me in charge of the children on Saturday. Instead of missing acts, I go out scouting for all of you parent. The best places? Ones that ignore the smoking ban...ha....I mean a parking lot or park works best. Here's my favs with children:
Sea Bright, N.J., for example, once had 300 feet of beach in front of its massive seawall, said Gilbert Nersesian, a coastal engineer for the New York District of the Army Corps of Engineers. ”But the beach that existed in front of that seawall is completely gone.”
The primary goal of diabetics is to stabilize their blood glucose level. Many diabetics find this very hard to do alone, so they need medication to help them. The consequences of leaving diabetes to continue uncontrolled are dire, yet many people do not want to take medication for the rest of their lives. The purpose of this article is to show diabetics and those at risk of diabetes, how to avoid medication as a diabetic, yet still live long, healthy lives.
We started off on the wrong foot. Packed and prepared early, got to the airport with plenty of time to make our flight to Rome, only to be told we were a day late. I hadn't looked at our itinerary very carefully.
A case has been opened and is being investigated," says Lefekane.
1) I will run the 40th Annual Portland Marathon this year.
Close: Wednesday
just enough information for the reader so that they would want to go out and
The government wants children to learn what will help the system itself, not what's good for the individual or the community. There are also much more important, to the system, anyway, lessons taught in school than what's "learned" about the "core subjects" (see John Taylor Gatto's The Six-Lesson School Teacher).
Adachi was here for an appearance at a screening of a movie, one that he wrote, directed and produced. It’s called You Don’t Know Jack: The Jack Soo Story. According to the Web site:
Me and Jennifer I suppose are getting more battle hardened. This has not been as despairing as our last trip to the hospital. Certainly also because it is not as serious as an infected shunt. It's funny how quickly you go back into crazy hospital life mode, I guess it's like riding a bike. It sure is different now when they work on Sara and she just looks up at you with those bright blue eyes and long eyelashes wet with tears seemingly saying - Who are these people and what are they doing to me?
One last thought – being unhealthy can be expensive (more medical bills, more medications, etc.). Look at healthy eating with plenty of fruits and vegetables as a good long-term strategy for saving money. That might be a provocative thought but it makes sense to me. What about you?
There is no need for words to convey what your heartbeats are already telling you…
Possibly meeting some lovely NYC peeps for cocktails - fancy a cocktail?
Now don’t get me wrong- I’m praying that God’s will would be done, that he would heal , that he would restore and he would regenerate all that the cancer has taken . sometimes god chooses to heal on this earth and other times it to turn on healing .
Sometimes an angel appears to be a man with unusual features. Daniel saw an angel with arms and legs resembling polished metal and precious stones, and a face like lightning (Daniel 10:5-6). The angel that rolled back the stone from Christ’s tomb was radiating dazzling light (Matthew 28:3; Luke 24:4). The book of Revelation describes some highly unusual beings who may be a variety of angel in Revelation 4:6-8.
Why do as others do?
I buzz her in and she’s up in a jiffy. ‘It’s cold in here,’ she says, throwing her jacket on the old, dilapidated grey chair. Yuki comes round to see who’s there, then patters off, uninterested.
Only thing better would be if he held imam races.
On the way at a shop we find some flowers.. A very special flower… Said to bloom just one night in a year, in the plains… Grows more in the Himalaya heights… The flower of Brahma, that grows from the navel of Vishnu… A real rare flower… The Brahma Kamal, the state flower of Uttarakhand…
All of the rescued dogs are then cared for, awaiting adoption into a permanent loving home. Once the dogs have completed 8-10 days quarantine they are placed into a foster home.
And the writing. I chafe against my own inactivity. As great as it was to have R. here, I miss sitting with the page. With a new job, I’ll miss having hours a day to attend to it. But, as Glorious said the other night, I wrote The Spiritkeeper with a full-time job…I’ll do the same with finishing Everything—and with the next one, too.
You went to jail for spreading "hate"
On return, both of them bragged how they had been feted by the campaign managers of the contending parties before they were herded towards the polling booth. While comparing notes, it came to light that while one was fed with four puris, two jalebis and curd, the other had been treated only to austere litti and chokha combo (staple Bihari food). The latter rued his lot and lamented that had he known about the menu in the opposite camp before hand, he would have switched his loyalty to the right person at the right hour.
The book is filled with candid conversations about informal dinners with Sir Winston Churchill, conversations with Nikita Kruschev, Indira Gandhi, Charles de Gaulle, and so many more. Apparently Kruschev was a clown and a joker, and it was difficult to have a conversation with him, he joked around so much. Who knew. President Kennedy was particularly fond of Prime Minister Harold Macmillan, and they were very close friends, but neither President nor Jacqueline Kennedy liked Indira Gandhi. These people are all icons of the 20th Century, and Jacqueline chats about them casually as if they were the folks down the street. It's wonderful.
It is clear to the entire television audience that she is completely devoid from the reality of caring for premature infants. If you watched any of Ann Curry’s interviews with the McCaughey septuplets – you would see how many volunteers were needed just to care for them and there was a fully present, live-in, not just a sperm donor father and only one big sister. Those premies were not brought home to six children under seven. And the McCaughey’s had a wonderful support system in their town and church – something that selfish woman does not.
A sudden flash of daylight and the stranger was gone. A collective sigh filled the room and murmurs and whispers filled the air as the door swung shut once again.
3. I like cats, but I love dogs and I’m freakin’ terrified of Chickens. Oh I took up Veterinary Medicine in College. I hated Poultry Class.
And whilst we're on the subject, why do we have to have homogenised milk?Why are we obsessed with making every product look uniform.?It actually might not even be very healthy and personally I liked the top of the milk..
*Contact a Festival Organiser urgently about needing accommodation. And also a librarian.
Actually, that title sounds a bit naff, really, doesn't it? Apart from the bad grammar, it sounds like one of those statements axed X Factor contestants use when they claim "you haven't seen the last of me" and then end up doing nothing more than opening a new branch of Wetherspoons in Cleethorpes.
I hear politicians talking about values in an election year. I hear a lot about that. Let me tell you about values. Hard work, personal responsibility — those are values. But looking out for one another — that’s a value. The idea that we’re all in this together — I am my brother’s keeper, I am my sister’s keeper — that’s a value. The idea that we think about the next generation and we’re taking care of our planet — that’s a value.
Friend A. Sleeps around. Women fall for him and he tells them he’s not into long term relationships. But one in particular lingers on in hope. In between other lovers, Friend A still sees this woman, because he might get ‘lonely’. Friend A’s dating life is littered with disappointed and bitter ex lovers. Is that Friend A’s fault? As he says, ‘I was honest – and they CHOSE to be with me. They’re big girls. They can look after themselves.’
My presentations went great! PHEW!
The letter looked suspiciously like a “love letter”, but Arata had his doubts. More likely it was a cruel practical joke perpetrated by one of his buddies, especially when the initials matched those belonging to “Nogi Hatsune”, also know as “Miss Engineer”, the reigning heartthrob of the engineering department. Why would somebody like her be interested in a nobody like himself?
From here what road to take was not sure.
The podiatrist put me on steroids to break up the inflammation, then told me to continue with what I was doing – KTTape & calf compression sleeves during exercise, ice & anti-inflammatories afterwards. The steroids didn’t do jack. I didn’t even get a nice energy boost to get ultra-productive around here. He did order an XRay which fortunately showed no breaks.
30g butter
Abigail arrived on March 21, 2011. 321...11, pretty cool birthday to have, I think. It was the first day of Spring and the Super Moon. She arrived 2 and a half weeks early at 12:10 a.m., peaceful. She did not cry until they started poking and prodding her, but was breathing just fine and was a 9 on her APGAR.
Lowe’s on Madison St. Has some major markdowns on Cleaning products. Not sure if its markdown at the other stores. Clorox nature, toilet bowl cleaner. $.88, Mr Clean Erasers 4 pk – $2.50, there was many other products as well like a gallon of Windex cleaner, and some other brands.
Publisher: Speak (Penguin)
Teri Youmans Grimm – Dirt Eaters
Supplies - basic grey Oliver paper, stampin up twine, Tim Holtz forest moss ink - I'm not sure about the stamp or brads.
I swallowed.
GIVEAWAY - One lucky reader will win a 7 pack sampler from Funky Monkey Snacks. Open to US residents 18 yrs of age or older. The giveaway will end on 5/23/12 at 9:01 pm pst. The winner will be chosen by random.org via the Rafflecopter widget. The winner will be contacted via email and will have 48 hours to contact me back to claim their prize.
Afghanistan does have laws which ban violence against women, but in a country struggling to recover from decades of conflict, enforcing them is naturally very difficult. Even in the UK, the continued levels of violence against women, despite our comparatively advanced legal system, demonstrate just how difficult enforcement is. In addition the problem in Afghanistan is exacerbated by lack of education and under-age marriage, both of which remain common. Therefore it remains of the upmost importance that as the international community withdraw support from the country, the plight of Afghan women is not forgotten. We as a society must fight to improve the laws that protect women from rape, sexual offences and all forms of violence, abroad, just as we attempt to do in our own country.
Come drifting home with broken masts and sails;
Well, that’s actually my first time to walked out of a restaurant without a complete meal. In my opinion they have to improve the services, and create some sort of SOP since I found that they are a mess in form of coordination.
So, there you have it... week one of summer is in the bag! Only 10.5 more to go. We'll make it!
So, since my last rant, 16 days have past (bad blogger!), and that makes 24 days since I started my quest to lose the muffin top.
The first is for Scrap the girls where you need to do a layout with the work 'love' in the title and some distressing. My title is I will love you forever and I distress around the photo (like I always do) and around paper and some embellishments
Democratic leaders are concerned that with revenue projections falling short, they are going to have to make more cuts that affect unions and others who also have concerns about changes to pension benefits.
So why do they change the standards for lesson assessment? Well, they won't admit this - but I think that OFSTED is being governed by what Durkheim called "the dialectic of ends and means", whereby a means to an end becomes an end in itself. OFSTED inspectors enjoy fat fees and generous expenses.Anyone doubting this should look in the school car park during an OFSTED inspection - the inspection team always arrive in a fleet of new cars. To justify its existence, OFSTED needs to keep repeating the need for shaking up education. One question - at a time of stringent budget cuts in the public sector, is it not time to shake OFSTED (and Mr Glibb) by the scruff of the neck?
Yesterday I dropped off some granola to the Iowa Valley Food Cooperative and picked up my own order for November. I thought this would be a good opportunity to show you the kinds of products available through the coop, all of which are local.
Yesterday's card showed the most obvious use of large stamps...all-over backgrounds. Today's card shows how you can use it for part of the background. I inked the stamp and then placed it so it would leave clean space on the right of the scrap of paper.
these kids to go
‘World War Z’ is scheduled to hit theaters on, you guessed it, 12/21/12. How apropos.
Thus, Cymbeline can be forgiven, to an extent, for not being as effective as Lear because the latter is a genuine tragedy. But I think Cymbeline is actually not even as effective as a romance as Pericles, even though Pericles is a far more problematic play textually than Cymbeline. Pericles has just a ton of corrupt passages and parts of it were probably not written by Shakespeare, or, if they were, they were written on a day he was feeling particularly uninspired. Yet despite Pericles' not-quite-finished feel, its resolution is far more affecting than Cymbeline's, particularly the scene in which Pericles is reunited with his long-lost daughter, Marina — a scene that brought a tear to my eye.
Winter seems reluctant to take leave. Some trees are still bare and the average temp is well below normal. But despite the cold weather, spring continues its show. The early bulbs have already had their turn. Magnolias and hail had a tug of war that turned the ground snowy white.
He cloaked himself as a person would. He had been injured previously in a small riot and didn't want to reveal what state he was in. Not everyone in Sharn had been ready for his ideas, and he was ready to suffer for it. His radical movement was still smaller than he wanted, but it was gaining momentum. Precisely the reason why the Lord of the Blades wanted to meet with him, or so he thought.
Incidentally, the figure to the left of the photo is one we gave my Mother-in-law for her 74th birthday because it perfectly expresses her whimsical and fun-loving nature. It was placed next to Wera’s phot0 because she was the same sort of person in many ways.
Part of the reason we moved was that we wanted a nice yard we would enjoy spending time in. When choosing the design of our house, we decided to include a large covered porch at the back of the house. The porch and backyard didn't look like much when we started this spring, but we spent much of our spare time working on creating a nice outdoor living space over the course of the summer.
I enjoy some films and TV that can be violent or vulgar, depending on the film or TV show. I don't judge people who share this opinion, or people who choose to stay away from that kind of entertainment altogether. Whatever floats your boat, man.
Whole-hearted peeps believe their vulnerability is neither comfortable nor excruciating, just necessary. Check! Like when you need to go from A to Z, you have to stomp on LMNO to get there and you can't be all squeamish about it.
THE CASE: Diane and Alicia once again successfully sue a pharmaceutical company, winning against Canning. So Canning and Nyholm (AKA The Dream Team) bring a suit against the firm for fraud and malicious prosecution. They try the whole Will-bribed-the-judge thing, as the judge awarded them much more than they asked for. Then they go after the Alicia and Peter angle. In the end, all they really wanted was the firm’s biggest client and their attempt to show the firm’s weaknesses did the trick. I hate it when we discover that Canning isn’t after what we thought all along.
Fireworks: Launch Yellow Fireworks
Dozens of parolees arrested in LA-area sweep
4. Melt the chocolate candy melts the same as the orange.
I intend to mark today solemnly with quiet meditation and reflection and then I will play the music of Peter Tosh very loudly to mark another tragic occasion that occurred twenty-four years ago today. Sadly September 11, 1987 was the day that Peter Tosh was murdered under mysterious circumstances.
What’s he doing that’s so important that he can’t finish off his OWN project. He said that he had to study. OK, I can handle that. Then he adds, “And my brothers and I wanted to play Battlefield”. Nice. So, I’m finishing off his STUPID project so he can play on the computer. Nice.
I just received my copy a couple of weeks ago, and I am so proud to be part of Matthew's beautiful book (I wrote some stories and my little Sophie makes an appearance via her playhouse). be sure to pick it up via Amazon.com and Amazon.ca. It is a really gorgeous book!
“Creativity shouldn’t be seen as something otherworldly. It shouldn’t be thought of as a process reserved for artists and inventors and other ‘creative types.’ The human mind, after all, has the creative impulse built into its operating system, hard-wired into its most essential programming code,” writes Jonah Lehrer in his new book, Imagine: How Creativity Works. …
Step 2 clean lamp shades or change for lighter colour shades/diffuser
And I have lots and lots of these -- random sheets of paper with notes, thoughts, ideas, diagrams, etc.
The four princes making up what they call the League of Princes are Prince Liam (Sleeping Beauty's Prince Charming), Prince Frederic (Cinderella's Prince Charming), Prince Duncan (Snow White's Prince Charming), and Prince Gustav (Rapunzel's Prince Charming). The girls became famous in the tales as they swept through the land, while the princes were demoted to a mere "Prince Charming." And Happily Ever After isn't what you expect, either. Sleeping Beauty, for example, is horribly vain and not fun to be around. Cinderella, on the other hand, is one of my favorite characters in the entire book. She's a spit-fire. She didn't escape life with her stepmother and stepsisters only to be holed up in a castle for the rest of her life. She wants adventure, she needs to explore. She goes off on a journey and Prince Frederic, who has been sheltered his entire life, goes off to find her. Along the way, he meets his merry band of Prince Charmings, and together they encounter trolls and dragons and Bandit Kings intent on destroying them creating a fun, fast-paced adventure sure to please all ages, especially upon discovering a dastardly witch's plot to steal the land's bards and slaughter any hero who comes to save the day.
I’m not going any further with plot or spoilers. The whole thing was a mystery anyway I’ll just end by saying: Totally didn’t see the killer coming. And, dang, that person was crazy!
4. Filing your return more than 60 days after the due date or the extended due date, minimum penalty is the smaller of $135 or 100 percent of the unpaid tax.
....such a beautiful and peaceful vignette.
I hadn’t even posted there in more than six months, and have been only tangentially involved for the last two or three years. I had lost my passion for it sometime in there and it just took me this long to realize it. And, like most things in life, it’s only now that it’s gone that I truly miss it.
Refreshments kindly provided by Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Both leaders made themselves vulnerable in the negotiations — Obama accepting cuts to entitlements that already were inflaming his base, and Boehner agreeing to $800 billion in revenue increases — and moved quickly to blame the other for failing to agree to a historic deficit reduction package.
The sites developer soon arrives on the scene and assures everyone that dispite the destruction his project will be finished on time. When he notices Sakai and Junko taking pictures of the damage he tries to persuade them to write a favorable story about him and his project. Sakai will have none of it.
72. A good stretch
Struggling with BPD is difficult. To lift my spirits and (hopefully) entertain others I created a thread titled:
We want to hear from you: What can we do to better represent the many people, departments, institutes, divisions and schools that make up the Quinnipiac community? In addition to contacting us through our social media platforms, you can call me at 203-582-3479 or email me at jamie.deloma@quinnipiac.edu.
- Think to hold back your belly: for example, if you need to pick something up, flatten your belly first, then kneel. Similarly, to stand up, flatten your belly then push hard on your legs without leaning forward.
39w+2d today... 5 more days until our EDD.
b - I didn't want to drag our big secretary down the stairs and outside just to paint it
The acting is uneven. Chris Hemsworth still gives the same look in every scene. Jeremy Renner and Stellan Skarsgård, both fine actors, have not much to work with. And Mark Ruffalo and Robert Downey Jr. are still the two thespians who truly embodied their roles.
‘But his administration never would have had the opportunity to do the right thing had it not been for some extraordinary work during the George W. Bush administration.
A Xyron Creative Station
and as i am about to get exited about
Remember, These are not some crappy articles.
Which means making communication that’s always charming and interesting (for how to do this, see Creativity and Craft).
Following praise and worship, those who feel they need deliverance are instructed to ask the Holy Spirit to reveal to them their unconfessed sins, and then repent. They are prayed for, and the unclean spirits troubling them are identified by name and commanded to depart in the name of Jesus Christ.
It’s elderly Lillian’s first visit with Raine that reveals Sparrow Road’s past. The old woman’s questions about other children don’t make sense to Raine, nor do her references to the mansion as home. It takes a tour from a big, friendly, laughing artist named Diego to make Lillian’s stories clear. Sparrow Road was an orphanage. Their toys, colors and forgotten things still clutter the attic. Now Raine has two mysteries to solve–the orphans’ past and her mother’s decision to move to the retreat for the summer.
In a beautiful and lyric way, the film explores these questions, often without resorting to dialogue, choosing instead to convey its meaning in other ways. There is the scene of the young boy who despises his father, tempted to remove the jack holding up a car, killing his father who is repairing it underneath. There is the scene of forgiveness after the older brother does that which he hates, hurting his brother whom he loves. The passage of time is represented by scenes of waterfalls and cataracts: our time here on earth is but brief. The inclusion of the cosmological scenes underlines how vast creation is and how little space within it we take up.
I had tears in my eyes, I was just so nervous (I am a freak show).
“I raced smart, and I think that’s what it was,” Start said. “I wanted to be smooth, I wanted to be consistent, and I wanted to take care of my tires in the first race and I think I did. I watched the other guys and there were some moves where I was like, you guys are nuts. You guys are going to scrub your tires.
Speaking of ice on the river, the ice on the Yukon River is a beautiful blue colour right now. I did get pictures of that…. No touch ups here and it isn’t a reflection from the sky – the ice is really that colour. I have no idea what causes this…Any scientists out there know?
"Spoons! Don't you know what's spoons?"
I wish that I had planned better.
Do you know what I think?
What makes a pair of black pants different on one person than another is about how the garment is styled to reflect their personality.
The researchers speculate that the use of indoor tanning beds is a key culprit in the rising cancer rate in young women.
As I listened to her and politely told her I wasn't asking for her advice on diet, it dawned on me why I dislike most doctors. They base everything on research and their status as "experts" rather than inquiring about how the patient feels and what we think. They assume we have nothing to contribute. This reminds me so much of how schoools are run. The curriculum is based on "research" and the teacher being the "expert" rather than getting feedback from the unique group of students being taught. When I see my naturopath, she asks me questions like "eating this way, how would you rate how you feel?" She might even say, "You read a lot, what do you think is best for you?" She encourages me to listen to my body and take an active role in my recovery.
Vegan Options: Vegetarian Gumbo – *I ate this* This is my absolute favorite vegan offering at Disneyland. It’s a delicious Louisiana style gumbo with rice, onion, okra, and tomatoes served in a sourdough bread bowl. Delicious. I absolutely love this.
Angela Bassett ….. Dr. Amanda Waller
Everyone makes ‘errors’ – how that gets handled really tells the tale about the person and their ‘truthful’ (Earned = ‘good & evil’) reputation -
According to Critics and even public this documentary is” Black spot”for Pakistan.In this documentary Director shows the darkest side of Pakistan she should work on the positive things in Pakistan.
A Gate story.
My mom has been talking all week about a new recipe she was going to try out for our dessert for Easter. I didn't pay a whole lot of attention, because as many of you know I have been working out at The Fitness Center really hard and doing Weight Watchers and have lost 40 lbs. I try not to 'think' too much about desserts these days. LOL!
If it’s dirty, and messy, and raucous, then we can do business.1234 is all about finding out what’s going on in the future. Get your cheap ticket from Noisey.com through seetickets here, and come say hi to the guys giving flyers to any and all hot girls; the flyers will look like this:
The whole being greater than the sum of the individual parts concept has worked well in other co-operatives and this initiative by Accidents Direct, who do have national reach, must be an option well worth considering for law practices that do not have the budget or expertise to compete with some larger firms or legal services providers.
lights switch on displays
What a perfect Spring Mix! We hope you'll enjoy hunting out these colours from all your lovely stash and we're looking forward to seeing your creations.
1/2 cup peanut butter or sunflower butter
Alphabet Soup
#124. countdown to vacation
But now comes the part that my friends laugh the most: these lamps had their own light even when it was dark outside.
But then another identical jet—or was it the same?—would appear behind a different hill, or it would come circling up from another direction entirely, and it began to feel, my friend explained, as if he had inadvertently driven into the middle of a kind of quantum event, with the same—or was it?—airplane appearing and disappearing, over and over again, reappearing and swooping back from different angles, all the while mis-timed with its own acoustic side-effects.
President: Naomi Jeulin Hong
Life's a little different unscripted.
We may not have Hogsmeade or broomsticks (although the ongoing News of the World scandal suggests there might be a few Voldemorts and bumbling authorities around), but there is a place I sometimes visit that bears more than a passing resemblance to that mythical train platform (and even better, it is accessible by train too!)
I’m not in trouble
It starts with 8 x Run 1 minute / walk 1 and a half minutes then gradually increases the running time, reduces the walking time and reduces the intervals until you can run 30 minutes non-stop.
If you have an e-reader you might want to pick up this reference.....good price and easy read.
Pack up all my care and woe,
associates and others in the recording industry. I found it
This tattoo is on G.I. Joe's back
Watching my children and the aspirations that they have got me thinking. When do children stop aspiring to be heros? Ask any boy what he wants to be when he grows up and you’re likely to be answered with things like firefighter, police officer, super hero, doctor. I’ve yet to meet a child who dreamed of being an accountant, lawyer, or sanitation engineer(though to be fair, my kids get really excited when the garbage truck comes rolling past our house). There is nothing wrong with any of the professions I’ve just mentioned, and I think they’re all equally important. Perhaps we feel as we grow older that if we can’t be super heros, then why bother trying? That, and being a super hero isn’t a real job. A number of people are quite keen to pitch in around the community, or help someone on the side of the highway with a flat tire. We generally stop actively looking for people to help though.
Raise your hand if you think romantic comedies are full of shit?
But if there is good news for the Catholic Church it is clearly that baptisms, marriages and funerals are still considered important by “Catholics”. “Four wheel Christians?”……pram, limousine and hearse….but clearly 84% of Irelands population (Republic and North) want to be “hatched, matched and dispatched” according to the rites of the “Holy Catholic Church”.
And it had the blood of a hundred cars on its face and always thirsted for more. It was murderer plain and simple and proudly bared it’s name to all, never caring when it killed. Just heavy bold letters and in capitals no less, forever reminding us of its deadly presence here
Once the administration fee is paid applicants are invited to submit a text of no more than 500 words in Spanish or English outlining their proposal for LUZ: light reactions. Applicants should also submit up to three images contextualising their work to date. These images must be 300dpi and a maximum dimension of 1000 pixels on the longest side. Please do not send individual e-mails exceeding 1mb. Several e-mails will suffice.
It was really interesting. Afterwards, we spent the next couple of hours walking around the different areas of the palace, exploring the different halls, enjoying the gardens and taking pictures. It was a very relaxing and enjoyable trip. I love history and was so excited to see an actual historical relic of Korea. Seoul is so modern; there are very few traditional, historical things to see in the city. I have plans to go to a couple of the smaller palaces in the upcoming weeks, and I can't wait!
As usual, the sign up form (below) will be available for one week - so get signing! Also, please take a minute to re-read our Rules and Information section.
And the devil in disguise.
Mama’s tears came when you said you missed me,
A successful group of celebrity chef restaurants should each be worth flying across the country to visit. As it stands now I get the feeling that if you’ve eaten at one, you’ve eaten at them all.
Here at The Ad Contrarian World Headquarters, our commitment to our readers is so
A little bit of time, but now I am counting the days and getting away, all
Die cut circle using Spellbinders and Cuttlebug
It was time for tea after the Cathedral tour. And Peterborough has a gem of a place: Margaret’s Tea Room in Wentworth Street. Only open a few months, but these guys will do you a top notch cuppa and cake.
Maybe one song is all we need:
Langhorne Creek (85%), McLaren Vale (15%)
As a parent myself, one of my greatest desires is for my own kids to find the kind of positive role models they so desperately need in today’s day and age. The old adage that “it takes a village to raise a child” is still relevant, but so often missing in the lives of kids these days. Camp is one of those places that provide these role models, in a safety-conscious, growth-oriented, fun environment. Finding the best staff to work with Camp Jorn campers is not only one of the greatest parts of my job, but one of the most important!
Website Maintenance and Development
I cut out a stack of pages and folded the ends up to make the pages a bit more square. Plus I thought that a double layer of paper might roll into the necessary cone shape a little cleaner... after all this book has seen its day and the pages are a bit brittle... not to mention that the paper was pretty cheap stock to begin with.
My pictures are not great.... some silly .... I look terrible grin, but what I really was looking for was to spend the time with Mark in a special place. This was also our *big*anniversary,grin!
So a bit of paper distressing. First get those rips in the surface using Scotch tape, torn in thin strips, burnished onto the paper with my nail and pulled up, practice on a spare piece or in a place that wont show to see how hard you have to burnish and pull to get the effect you want.
“Think harder, then. I know I could have made more of a difference in protect my fa- my people had I bothered to learn the art of the sword before the Orcs attacked. And I know that if I had learned to use the Light for healing before they came instead of just reading about it, I could have helped more as well. And I know that our mages were helpful both in and out of battle; with their offensive spells, defensive shields. The food they conjured, the portals they set up. I am sure that you could have the potential to be that useful too.”
The second was with Bast. This one didn’t confuse me as much, as it took place in a vision as I was falling asleep. Freyja came to me dressed in and Egyptian style, showing me the love stories in the Library of Alexandria. I sort of wrote it off as being a sleepy misunderstanding, or one of Freyja’s (many) whims to take on the glamour and beauty of another age and place. I have been pondering under the surface about Freyja’s relationship with Bast for a couple of years now, never really giving it a voice until recently.
Airlines:
i think i would like to live there.
Single family rentals are $3 trillion business today and growing as investors turn to real estate and opt to rent out the bargains they buy until prices improve. Today the single family rental market accounts for 21 million rental units or 52 percent of the entire residential rental market, according to a new study by CoreLogic economist Sam Khater.
What’s this? A finance group? Engaging in pay for services? Holy crap, you should be on the floor of the Exchange.
12 tablespoon butter, cubed
Yauch is survived by his wife Dechen Wangdu and daughter, Tenzin Losel Yauch.
This card too has a white core and when you sand the edges, you can see it and give a beautiful subtle border. Love it. I have used CAS-ual Friday sketch from last week to make this card.
Also this week, of special interest for parents considering French Immersion, are French Immersion Info Evenings: on Wednesday at Pine Grove, and on Thursday at Forest Trail and “Palermo at Lorne Skuce”. For more information see French Immersion Info Evenings – Dec 2009 and Jan 2010, below. Parents interested in French Immersion can find a wealth of information on the HDSB website or on the Canadian Parents for French (CPF) website – click the “French (FSL)” tab above for links.
The Malays are not receptive enough to all the talks about Islam by UMNO, as they see decadences and debaucheries affecting the party – from alleged corruption to all sorts of scandals. The Malays are even aware that all the denials to these alleged depravities are part of UMNO’s game in politics.
four shots, one to the head, chest,
I like their tribute episodes but I’m sorry, the Michael Jackson episode was JUST okay. I thought I’d end up feeling the same way about Whitney Houston but I was surprised to see myself get *ahem* so emotional, baby. Yeah, I just went there.
Now a website will track your airfare and hotel prices to see if you can swing a better deal.
Now, my parents DO live in the middle of nowhere. I totally get that. But if a local florist says they can do whatever the website offers (and let's face it, these are not exactly exotic flowers that are offered) they better damn well do what they say they will do and not try to sneak something by me, and the customers of the website. I mean, wow. How shitty is that?
“Anybody can be clever.”
16. Because few others in your society have the knowledge you do, reactions of the masses to forthcoming profound truths, reforms and the introduction of other members of the universal family will be confusion, denial and varying degrees of fear. Your calming influence will be greatly needed, and as we often have stated, you are well prepared not only to deal with whatever you encounter, but to help all who are willing to accept it. It is not necessary to know the missions you chose in soul contracts — when occasions are presented, you will see that your spiritual strength, wisdom and experiences in multiple lifetimes will be at your fingertips.
My name is Lucia (pronounced Lu-See-Ah…the Spanish way, not the Italian way!) and I’m a 17-year-old girl from Beijing. Now I live in the suburbs of Detroit, where I run cross country, watch soccer matches religiously, and read way too many historical romances. (They’re my guilty pleasure!)
“And you dared to go counter to your father’s wishes? They should have been a command to you. Give me one reason, only one, why, flinging decency to the winds, you demeaned yourself by becoming a baker.’
I did pretty well today. Until tonight. Hubby went to bed at 9:30 and I intended to just get a post up and then join him. Then I got sidetracked, and bogged down, and couldn't think of anything to post. And I drained the last of the water from my glass. And I went to the kitchen to refill it. And I saw the caramel corn my friend made me for Christmas. I don't really like the fact that it had peanuts in it, but... Just one bite of the popcorn part.... And another. And... Well, I might as well finish it off so it won't be here nagging me tomorrow. And now I'm sitting here feeling like a total failure. Why didn't I just throw it away?
I just finished this novel the other day, and I'm still basking in the afterglow. I'm a little ticked I got it on my Kindle, because while I love the convenience of just grabbing the e-book in an instant, I would love to own the hardcover. I wouldn't call this cover beautiful, or shiny, and I wouldn't squee over it, but I do think it's compelling, and incredibly apt.
Some people will disagree, but this is what i experienced, most of the time, as a player or GM.
“Ah, I see,” she conceded. At least that’s one of us. I guess I’ll just have to devise another tactic like cocking my head slightly to the side or attaching distracting Mickey Mouse ears in manner of Lady GaGa. Then again I could just get contact lenses.
That's not quite true, is it now? If the BBC is lobbying for this unutterably trivial amendment, it would strongly suggest that they stand to benefit from it—by, for example, not having to spend hours pissing around with CGI. Companies don't generally lobby for policies that won't benefit them, y'see. The tobacco industry, on the other hand, is not lobbying for it and stands to gain—at best—the sale of a couple of packs of cigarettes to be smoked in some god awful period drama.
He says "it should be seen as art, and as within the month of October. It's Halloween, it's time to be scary it's time to be spooky."
Una will be speaking at Access Alliance’s Where Women Work series for newcomer young women on International Women’s Day, March 8th, about her work as a graphic designer.
3/27: Television; Screening: Deadwood (2004); Reading: Feuer, “Narrative Form in American Network Television” (CV 611-618); Third Response Paper Due
Another was Ann, who oozed sex appeal before any of us knew what it meant, but you knew the moment she entered any room, even without seeing her, because of the sound of boys’ jaws hitting the ground.
Fast forward a few days and here is what we have:
Tools: Nesties Labels Eight and Large Rectangles. Cuttlebug Embossing Folder. Sizzix Big Shot. Tim Holtz Paper Distresser. Embossing Powder. Heat Gun.
2 cups grated Idaho potatoes
“Li Tao’s captains assembled in a half-circle before him outside the mansion. The canyon opened wide behind them. He had summoned them from their posts to give their reports in person. He needed to look each man in the eye. Now more than ever before, loyalty was critical.
WTF????? Why did you bring it up? Why did you offer knowing damn well you didn’t mean it. You dangle something in front of me, only to not deliver? You already messed it all up. And instead of impressing me, you pissed me off.
The key to solving both of these problems for the long term takes time and patience. The first step is to get to the root of the problems in your business. Why are your employees leaving? I hear from most employers that more pay is the reason, and my kneejerk response is that is a cop out. It is a cop out on the former employee and the business owner. In most situations, employers need an objective third party to get involved to find the real problems because usually there is a lack of trust and loyalty as another symptom of the real problem. The third party needs to have experience in conducting confidential fact finding research regarding employee satisfaction. Depending on the company there are many ways to do this.
The “..good works” spoken of here are those works through which Jesus continues His ministry in us and through us for the Glory of the Father and the benefit of the community (cf., Acts 10:38). As His adopted children, then, we form the Body of Christ and, thus, are also the Father’s representatives or envoys in world to continue the ministry of His Son so that the Glory of the Father’s love may be manifested through us to all humanity.
The photos coming back from these high flying "digital cameras" are stunning.
find a cheap tailor, make the cuffs your regular size, including the
This should be a good group of events.
But my husband was happier, and that's all that really mattered.
born: 9/24/1982 s/o Tezock & Grace Mbah
I used pretty much everyone old on this card, except for the jingle bell charm. For the new year, I do have a resolution and shall get to that later.
Steven Moffat has also said he has written fake scenes to keep it a secret, so perhaps this is one of them? Only time will tell.
The word ‘depression’ indicates a ‘low spot’. A place of emptiness. A condition of lack.
Thousands of people joined a Twitter drive to support the Leadership Conference, which represents more than 80 percent of American nuns. Using the hashtag #whatsistersmeantome, one person wrote of the nun who “was the rock of our Catholic campus.” Another man tweeted about how his father lost his own mother at 13. “It was the Mercy sisters who consoled and loved him onward.”
Bake for 10 minutes until tops are golden brown. Use a butter knife to remove
The cover photograph is by Ron Hugo and the little girl on the cover is called Billie Jo.
(a) to bring into hatred or contempt or to excite disaffection against any Ruler or against any Government;
Both the Prime Minister and the Minister of Federal Territories tried to justify the use of RM1.5 billion from Employee Provident Fund (EPF) to provide loans for social housing yesterday after being criticised for abusing workers’ retirement funds for political purposes.
What habit has you in such a grip that you run to it in the times of excitement and the times of despair?
Mr Walker was one of several British National Party activists who turned up to hand in the letter. After the letter was delivered, a heavy police presence of more than a dozen officers descended on the car park outside of the building.
Scorch the lizards to leather,
Shattered, confused.
Okay, gonna try really hard not to make all these posts about food! But this was the first thing that popped in my head for B. One of my favorite dining establishments on Disney property...along with thousands of other people!
Projections are a bit scattered on him with the usually conservative MARCEL showing a much higher value than Bill James projection. Surprising. They are averaging out at about .390/.495/.895 for him. I see him possibly being a bit down from there, maybe a .380/.490/.870 season for him, 25 HRs, 100 RBI or so. It will be a strong season from the cleanup hitter all in all. I think he has peaked. I truly do. I think a few more really solid seasons though isn’t unreasonable. But he is on the wrong side of 30 now, so it makes sense and he doesn’t exactly have a skill set that looks to age too greatly. He is what he is and what he is, is valued nicely with a solid contract, great defense at third, and versatility to play third as well. V-Mart will have some time at 1B, maybe Lowell too. But, Youk should be there most of the time and that is what you want.
Sometimes the voice that says something is rubbish is a sensible voice telling me to re-look at the work. I’ve written two unpublished novels (years of work) and they will never be published because they don’t deserve to be.
Balder. What's not to like?
Kosambari
The most recent installment of Uniqlo+J is bound up in the same sort of fanfare, but does it deliver? Collectively, the clothes comprise a mood-board of the moment; a lesson in minimalism, they are understated in shape, in muted tones, referencing the season’s love affair with colour-blocking, utility wear and, um, beige.
I'm originally from Atlanta and oh how I love it. I always wanted to go back there and work someday. My family still lives there as does my best friend. So imagine my surprise when my inbox lit up with a message from Coca-Cola inviting me to their Conversations with Coca-Cola blogging conference.
I based this little box on a fabulous tutorial from Bronwyn which you can find HERE. Mine ended up being a whole box, rather than a treat holder because the WWs are quite large. I made the box with a flap opening in the top for easy access. The cute images are from Dustin Pike. The monkey's sign comes blank so I added the text and arrow with My Memories Suite...the more I use it, the more I love this software. The monkey inside has a half-eaten cupcake in the original image, which I removed for this project, and looks like he's over-indulged :) The images were coloured with Copics...not even any glitter pens on this one :( Wonder why boys don't have the same fascination with bling that us girls do lol
Oh, it was a help because you can be identified by outsiders. We did get spat on a lot though.
The first day is always relaxed. The parents and kids assemble in the playground with the kids in disorganised rows for their class. The headmaster would make a few speeches as would the local priest who would bless everyone and generally there is a local politician there as well.
As I wandered through the exhibition, I had the sensation of walking through a tomb that is called Islam. Everything exuded gloominess, as gloomy as the faces of many devout Muslims walking in the streets.
Wha' sa (What's that)
especially at night when he was alone.
I promise to post again soon and with some pictures!
And boy did I get nervous and flustered on Day 2. It was the getting-to-know-you day. The day that you're brought around and introduced to everyone, and you have to make small talk. Needless to say, small talk is not my forté, and I usually avoid it like the plague because it makes me so uncomfortable. I wish I could have avoided it on Day 2, because every time I opened my mouth, I felt like a blithering idiot. As the day went on, I got more and more self-conscious about what I was saying and how much I was sweating and how red I was getting and how hot I was ... and you get the picture.
But for now, Michael Koryta stares down the barrel of 9mm...
That is all for now...
These small folk I spend my days with teach me. Sure I teach them but some how I feel like I am a student in their lesson of how to be the best I can be.
To create a Memory Tote we used:
My Dad used to quote this-I don't know if my great aunt Hallie invented it or if it is an old poem from another source. Anyway the birdies is here! Every morning is a chorus of different birds as they migrate and move in and out of the area.
Never fear friends, MediaWatch will expose the cover-ups and obvious slanted news published.
You, your interest, your support and your opinion.
Hugs and love to you all tonight. Sending a wish to all of you for peace, love and lots of smiles!
Take Initiative. Research:
Cheers!!
I started my page by laying down gesso n closing the book, opening it again to create loads of texture. I painted the pages with shades of blues and greens and painted some branches, leaves and flowers to create a 'spring' feel.I then worked on the background, building up various layers to add depth.
In the opening chapter, The Deity of Christ Today, Stephen J. Nichols bounces off the work of Stephen Prothero and argues that we have gone from a creedal Jesus, to a human Jesus that is close and ended up with a Jesus that has liberated itself from Christianity and the Bible (p. 27). Stephen points out that there have been many attempts within our American culture to present Jesus. Movies like The Passion of Christ, consumerism and our nifty slogans and even politics where Jesus is somehow on everyone’s side, show us that our cultural attempts to display Jesus have left us with “personal Jesuses who look far more like their makers than like the Jesus of sacred Scripture and the historical creeds (p.31).”
Sometimes: Instagram freaks me out because it flip flops pictures.
The whole world's scared so I swallow the fear
“Fine.” Arkam slouched and asked, “Any news?”
Regardless, I can thank Mike for opening my eyes to the sad state of my appearance, although I was perfectly happy living in denial at the time. Here are some notes I’d like to send back in time to teenage me, and for anyone who currently shares the curse of naturally curly hair.
So Joshua ascended from Gilgal, he and all the people of war with him, and all the mighty men of valor. The Lord said to Joshua, “Do not fear them, for I have delivered them into your hand; not a man of them shall stand before you.”
in the face of complacency
Recently I’ve stumbled upon several reviews that all point out a similar problem within fiction. The common line is, “I liked the story, but I couldn’t connect with the characters.” Have you ever had that happen? It’s a problem for both the reader and the writer.
bless all the many lovers who are handfasting…
So, here are the pics!!!
Up with a suddenly-sick Roo and remembering when she was small. Heck, I even put on an Disney film (I think it's Disney - the one with the cows that save their farm?) and curled her up on the sofa, just like when she was an eence. Fed her some ibuprofen and some ice cream, small sips of lime soda (okay, I was out of ginger ale) and patted her hair until she drowsed. She looks so little when she sleeps.
After some time spent on the internets, I found these FREE Patriotic printables! They are great for Fourth of July and Memorial Day parties, but I'm being careful to not let my son's birthday be too overshadowed by the holiday, so I'm utilizing just a few of the offerings.
Eventually we came to another station. The attendant started to wag his finger. I thought they were closing. The driver talked to him and found out that they were out of diesel, which was the fuel the current car needed. However, they had plenty of benzine, which our van back on the border needed. Further, after we had filled the gas can, he said that he would stay open and wait for us to drive back with the van to fill the tank.
May it lead you through your inner war
I love when I witness something loving. It is like a precious little sign that love is out there.
Best Television Soundtrack
Let us move north into France. More specifically, into southern France to the Côtes du Rhône where numerous varietals are grown. In southern Rhône, three red varietals reign supreme, which are grenache, syrah and mourvèdre (or GSM for short). Syrahs and mourvèdres are great varietals, but grenache is truly a special grape. Surprisingly, it is the second most widely planted grape in the world, and the number one grape grown in the Rhône valley. On its own, grenache is a lighter red, with more acidity than tannins and has vibrant berry flavors. Once blended, it provides the acidic backbone to the great Rhône reds, including the world-renowned Châteauneuf-du-Pape wines. These wines are quite possibly some of the most elegant wines not names Bordeaux or Burgundy. Grenache is so important in Châteauneuf-du-Papes that some vitners use up to 80% of it in their blend! Whether it be blended into a great Rhône red or enjoyed by itself as a single varietal wine, grenache is a fantastic grape and is becoming a popular one to be grown in California. If you get a chance and are in Paso Robles, check out Tablas Creek Winery, who are famous for bringing genuine Rhône clones to California. Their espirit de Beaucastel is probably the closest thing to an authentic Châteauneuf-du-Pape that you can get in the states. On a side note, if you are looking for a fun white wine, try grenache blanc. This may be my favorite white wine, with flavors of raspberries and a silky finish, it is spectacular for a white wine.
Us creative types need our ego's stroked, dontcha know.
oregano/salt/pepper 1 bag split peas
The seasons flow in Ohio a little earlier than they do here in Connecticut, so it’s always fun to see the coming attractions on Tracy’s blog. She calls herself an “amateur” photographer, but the life and spirit she captures with her lens are extraordinary!
They're doing the Bohemian Rhapsody thing with all the band's heads all on screen at the same time. But, like fools, they've forgotten to up-light themselves. Personally, I make a note of always being up-lit. It's the only way I can preserve the air of mystery that so fascinates the internet.
My sweet hubby and adorable son are hunting in Texas right now - Jared shot a turkey Saturday and Sunday (yes, it's legal, he can shoot up to 4); here they are:
We have a winner! The winner of the "Another Candle Giveaway" is....
Punkin enjoyed our raindrop math. I can't remember where I got this printable from. But I wrote an addition problem in the clouds and had her use the end of a pencil eraser dipped in paint to make raindrops representing the math problem. Then, she counted how many raindrops in all and wrote the answer on the umbrella.
Isn't this how the law of attraction works? Your pretend that it's not still freezing? Or something?
So, I dove right in.
Are you saying that my head is huge, if my neck is super skinny?
In a world of terrorism, road rage, and mean spirited politics it can seem that kindness is a thing of the past. It can seem that no one is civil anymore.
"That's what all art's about - a sense of moving away from
Blair
The last thing to develop physiologically in a child/teen/young adult is the frontal lobe. That part of the brain is the cognitive thinking part and determines with critical thinking and reasons that a+b=c. A being action, b being reaction, c being consequence. Until that development, there is no a+b=c. There is simply experience (don’t touch the hot stove) and influence (peers and media).
I got this sweet tshirt in the mail from Brittany formerly of Molly Lou Gifts Blog! I have made the sweetest friends via blogging! It is adorable!
I continued to stare, unable to speak. I looked at him with my new eyes and the scene continued to unfold in my head at a rapid pace. He was choking her and she appeared to black out. He picked her up and took her into what appeared to be a garage of a residence and set her inside of a large SUV.
detective turned private investigator Kate Garrett, soldier turned PI Jake Carmedy and Chief of Detectives Igor Thorsen played out a scene that I may still use in a future book. I wrote several story fragments developing their characters and adding several others, but mostly Carmedy and Garrett stayed on
I found his wonderful pattern in the book Knitting to Share (by Gerard Allt) for fingerless gloves, unfortunately for men. I tweaked the pattern a bit and made several pairs in my size. I was at my grandparents house for about a week and used the yarn I brought, hence the consistent color scheme. They were really fast and fun to make. Here’s a photo:
Short of having an actual website, there isn't much in terms of structuring and organizing this page as anything other than a blog with seemingly random album reviews.
As a reader who’s been with Jeanette Winterson through thick and thin (and there was enough of the latter to make me wonder if the thick, viewed from a distance, was thin too), I was disappointed to hear that she was publishing a memoir. Didn’t she say “There’s no such thing as autobiography, there’s only art and lies”? That was the refrain from her 1994 novel Art & Lies, one of the thinnish moments I’m nonetheless very fond of (“my most closed piece of work … written at a time when I was looking inwards not outwards”). But there needn’t be any contradiction here: the most interesting kind of memoir – from Nabokov to Burnside – is that where the author acknowledges both the limitations of memory and the creative aspect of the process of writing the life. In the foreword to This Boy’s Life, expert liar and memoirist Tobias Wolff says that “I have been corrected on some points, mostly of chronology. Also my mother thinks that a dog I describe as ugly was actually quite handsome. I’ve allowed some of these points to stand, because this is a book of memory, and memory has its own story to tell.” Or as Winterson puts it here, the ending you need is not normally available unless you write it yourself. “Reading yourself as a fiction as well as a fact is the only way to keep the narrative open.”
I walked out of the metro, smile-on-face, whistling, actually WHISTLING, my way to the job I have come to loathe when: Someones bowels exploded. No, no. I'm serious. EX. PLO. DED. Wouldn't at all be surprised if bits of his innards were mixed in there.
Graduating Senior - Open houses - Parties!
This is an excerpt from one of my talks at LIFE is Good 2009. It was titled, "Unschooling Teenagers: RATS in the House." RATS stands for Respect, Acceptance, Trust, and Support.
If you confirm to these proportions, and follow the correct training regime, you will, of course, find it much easier to achieve the ‘body beautiful’. If you do not conform to these proportions don’t worry too much - judicious training methods can make up for any little imperfections.
so get a head start on your holiday feast by placing an order for one of our delicious pies today!
Me: Exactly.
And the best part about this review is that one of my lucky readers can win a copy of
Records. first one goes first and returns happy: ive really got the
Amazon (which includes any other player largely dependent on Amazon) and the most price-conscious ebook consumers have won. Everybody else in the ecosystem: authors, publishers, and other vendors, have lost. The reaction from all quarters seems to confirm that analysis.
After I got home from work yesterday I sat at my craft desk and finished colouring the images I had stamped for the 'Moving House' card. Once that I was done I carefully cut them out and started to think about what to do with them.
Missy Moo has learnt to crawl. She still much prefers the commando crawl that she has perfected, and I have plenty of Nonna made clothes for her to get dirty so I'm okay with that.
Love love love biker boots, they are edgy yet flat so they can be worn all day long!
A revamped packaging across the range and a focus shift from the native Tasmanian Tiger to the heritage and history of the brewery buildings themselves in the labelling and advertising, along with a very slick, but honest, development of the company website might just remind drinkers that it’s not necessarily a bad thing to produce standard representations of beer styles in your range, that it’s OK to have a portfolio of beers that doesn’t include high alcohol hop bombs or barrel-aged bangers – as long as you do what you do well.
- If it becomes mandatory, does it lose an important element of pro bono? Or is the end result all that matters?
Once in the shower I covered my crotch with shaving cream and began to clean up as best I could. Ten to one, the hottie next door was bare as a baby’s ass. The razor was not as sharp as I’d hopped and snagged here and there. Instead of a complete shave I did my balls and some of my shaft. At least baby girl would not be getting a stray hair caught in her throat tonight.
If the Big Bang happened once, could it happen again?
Each player starts with 8 random facts/habits about themselves.
"Because we don't live in Arkansas."
30 minutes after we arrive back at the tent, another usher appears. We need a stretcher urgently at Angus’s house. No other information. Could be someone who has come for prayer, or could be Angus himself. We fly through the crowds. Security men let us through, and we grab the stretcher and jump-bags before rushing into his modest house. The walls are thick, with small windows, and little light. We are spotted and chased out.
My ship may not have come in … yet… but I am sailing on sunshine I will not see until the morrow. The upshot is if I prove unsuitable or unable to do a good job for my friend, perhaps there’s a chance of a writing gig or two. Actually, even if I do a good job for her, there may still be a chance of writing a piece or two for her son’s monthly magazine.
Consider this a public service announcement to all young girls and adults who write for young girls. Words of wisdom from thirty-year-old me to the sixteen-year-old in all of us.
Then my parents got divorced.
Today, let's take it from the top: your head.
Ha! A good 5 inches were taken off the back! I'm so sad because her curls are gone and apparently Clay did this yesterday and threw the hair in the garbage which has since been dumped. I can't even put the little curls in an envelope to save so I can look at them one day and say, "Hmmm, here's some hair. I wonder why I saved it. I wonder which kid this was from."
Isn't this image by Saturated Canary gorgeous!! Although I still think that she will get cold tootsies, personally I love my fluffy lounge socks they are fabulous and fluffy, and much better than slippers as I have a few pairs so can wash them each time so they don't get yucky!!
Go visit her site for the recipe. I had all of the ingredients prepared pie crusts, 4 Tomatoes, salt and pepper, scallions and basil, freshly grated cheese and mayonnaise(we use Vegenaise). We have 1/2 of a pie left for another evening. Besides the pie we had a big salad, and a bowl of cherries.
Although it is rare for me...I do believe I liked the movie just a little more than the book. I think the casting was great. Zac Efron was awesome as Logan. I really liked Taylor Schilling as Elizabeth, and Jay R. Ferguson played the best jerk I've ever seen!
"Wait! Are you saying that I have to stop following instructions and start being an artist? Someone who dreams up new ideas and makes them real? Someone who finds new ways to interact, new pathways to deliver emotion, new ways to connect? Someone who acts like a human, not a cog? Me?"
03. Tit Fuck
Three of the groups that organised Raed Salah’s UK tour have also issued press releases: MEMO, Friends of Al-Aqsa and the PSC.
» 10/19 – Montreal, QC @ Bell Centre
24. November: Razzmatazz 2 – Barcelona, Spain
Jones writes:
And wonder around in an artist's haze,
I love that this pattern is clearly floral in nature, but it's not screaming frilly-over-the-top-rose-garden...it's a simple, modern flower, in almost a block print style.
The wonderful Design Divas have created some awesome samples
10:25 PM – And here comes The Miz to take on Brodus Clay. Really?! The Miz is not sure why he is tasked with taking on Brodus either. After all, he is the most must see WWE Superstar of all time. After a short, but still the biggest challenge Clay has faced since his debut, match the Funkasaurus gets the win.
RELEASE DATE: July 27, 2012
Level 4: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 7%.
In verse 15, he develops this idea further, recalling verse 12:
I would also like to add:
Oddly enough, I've always been able to do this. People always are amazed at this "hidden talent". Doesn't take me all that long either. When I was in my teens, I did a stoopid amount of Boy George, circa "Karma Chameleon". I loved his hair, his make-up, his clothes... Ah, wasn't he just the most fabulous? *happy sigh*
Now are you ready for some big news?
Had Torin the whole time with me. Inside, I kept him in the bag, but in the car, he was on my lap the whole time.
The frosting is a Swiss meringue, super fluffy and decadent. The cake itself was made using the reverse cream method, which kicks all kinds of ass if you want a mile high super moist cake. This cake is monstrous, so make it for a crowd. I had my parents and sister over (5 adults, 2 kids), and we still could just eat half of it. Enjoy!
Jerry Garcia – lead guitar, vocals
- LeAnne, Suisun, CA, USA, 01/3/2012 16:21
Sadly the cuts happened, the promise of funding from Lambeth Council dried up and the project has been put on hold. To add to our disappointment another piece of art has appeared on the Iceland Store wall in the space that we had earmarked for our own. The good thing is the plaque that marked the site of the Brixton Bomb has been replaced, and located higher up on the wall so that it is no longer hidden by the Iceland Cages that are often left outside the store. Our schools project may be on hold for the time being, but it will happen eventually.
Strong was vociferously opposed to the consolidation, thinking it a ridiculous burden to the city coffers, vetoing it even up to the very end. By that time, however, Strong was not seeking re-election, but for decidedly personal reasons. In cleaning up the city -- getting it ready for the future -- his own business had nearly gone bankrupt. He would die just two years later, in 1900.
Welcome to another Wacky Wednesday!!! This week it's a color challenge! The Colors are Pink, Brown, Teal & Cream! Momo & Gloria were asked to create anything with these colors. If you click on their names it will take you to their blogs and you can see the recipes and or instructions. Stop by their blogs and show them some love! I can't wait to see what you create for this challenge. Check these out!
The food here, is like always, is absolutely fabulous! I’ve been turned on to horchata and atole, which are both sugary delicious drinks. The food here is really fresh, and it completely makes the difference from the fruit that we import in the states. Everything here is a little salty, but it is well complimented by the pan and the tortillas that are customary to eat with every meal.
Dearborn’s City Plan Commission approved land use for the intermodal station and the Dearborn City Council approved the purchase of the seven-acre site from Ford Land through the use of federal funds.
My kids have taught me a very valuable lesson. They have taught me that all anyone needs is someone to believe in them. I believe in all of my kids. And, you know what? They believe in ME.
Dialogue Processing and Digital Services Provided by Michael Stokes Production Assistance by Martha Linbo-Terhaar, Carole Stokes, Gwendolyn Jensen-Woodard and Ginny Stokes. Production Logo and additional Art by Adrianna Linbo-Terhaar
This week the Featured Stamper is JovialJudi - congratulations to Judi and enjoy your special week!! I had a look through her gallery but decided on her latest upload Prairie Fairy Flowers to case. I kept the flower theme and the punched border, changing the image and colours.
2010: .344/.438/.656 with 7 homers
Know your size
Rhona Hoffman Gallery
Oh! And I’d have to invite Joan Rivers too. That bitch be crazy! She is so totally out of control and I love it.
In a small mixing bowl, whip the heavy cream to soft peaks until tips curl over.
Okay,I'll quit obsessing and just post this already. I've been working on it for 2 Whole. Days. Ugh! haha
Then Jesus said to his disciples, “If any of you wants to be my follower, you must turn from your selfish ways, take up your cross, and follow me. If you try to hang on to your life, you will lose it. But if you give up your life for my sake, you will save it. And what do you benefit if you gain the whole world but lose your own soul?Is anything worth more than your soul?”
Bombed to pieces at the end of WWII.
In a basin of hot soapy water, gently rub the mat till it felts up. Rinse. Give it a quick spin. Then dry the mat, keeping it flat. I gave it a day to dry.
George Hill (Con) 115
And as far as sunrise is from sunset,
I see,
Hope you like this one. :)
Never has Cameron Diaz been so undesirable, due to her crazy bitch personality in this movie (she’s hotter when she has a good personality that makes up for her lack of tits). This is a really good movie, and I’m sorry I waited this long to finally see it.
The mosses, waters, slaps and stiles (Breaches in hedges or walls),
So.. I’ve had Cornelius for nearly two years now. Got him on October 8th 2010. He’s been with me through a lot. After Cedric died, Cedric who had done loads to help me into my transition, to meet people and to be happy– I got Cornelius to continue where he’d left off. These guys, of course, are my laptops. Cedric was OLD. Got him from my Nonno yearsssss ago, and god knows how long he’d been alive before then. Soon, he stopped working. And I thought it was about time I get a new one for myself. So then I picked up my HP Netbook, Cornelius. Loooove of my lifeeee. Fireeee of my loinnnns. (Totally stole that line from Lolita.) There has been some good memories, and some bad ones. And some ones I will forever remember, which include some I would much rather forget. Regardless, he’s been near and dear to me for a long time. Well, yesterday, he died.
“Sister Lucia’s eyes lit up. ‘Ah. You have bishop troubles.’
Most of the Japanese works featured oversized phalluses, while a fair number of the Chinese pieces depicted threesomes. No comment eh. I can’t verify the translations here, but these are said to be descriptions of genitalia from Chinese literature:
In the seventh image I cropped out the dresser so that Peedy could be balanced with the chair. I think that this changes the photo because Peedy is the first thing that is shown in the picture instead of the dresser. I revised the file name as ZakeyaMurphys Peedy Balance Crop
Tonight we're playing a show in Bob's home town of Rugby. I'm looking forward to that.
I must have smiled for she nodded her head at me.
or perhaps the insulation for future endeavors.
Will be hit and miss in blogland, but I still enjoy popping in and out when I have the time.
Next the delightful Maz who I have known since school who unlike Miss B is one of the strongest, self-driven people I know. She has me down as the one of those girls who does things she needs to do without any help who says what she thinks, and yes I can be as blunt as a spoon when I want to be and I am direct if I think it I tend to say it regardless sometimes of consequence but never in malaise. So when I ended up going alone on Monday to my mini-op because it hadn’t happened on Friday she simply laughed and told me I am the only girl she knows who would be confident and brave enough to just go and do something like that alone. I’m not sure if that is just being pig headed not accepting help from anyone rather than confidence. But some of the things I have been through make me forget its ok to ask for help because I think I’ve been through worse on my own. Guess time will tell if this is right or not.
Fetal Positions Inside The Womb
However, I made the decision to play with the colour choices. Of course if someone had told me I'd never be able to put it back how it was, I'm not at all sure I'd have done what I did. Since I started this blog Blogger have changed their backgrounds/foregrounds/and any other ground they could find. I used to like that mine was a bit on the plain side, but that style is now long gone.
This show was a bit much for my tastes, coming on with the subtly of an air horn. That being said it had enough good things working for it that I just left it out of the ten spot.
She’s absolutely the fastest woman in the longer distances.)
I miss him. I miss working with him, talking with him, watching movies with him, laughing with him. I miss our shared hopes for a better future. It’s a good thing I have so much to do — getting my car ready for the trip, getting ready for the yard sale—otherwise I’d just sit around feeling even sorrier for myself.
· He complimented the personality and loyalty of Saul
I mixed the sour cream dressing onto the onions and cucumber and put it into the refrigerator to chill. Another aside: I think that the sour cream cucumbers were ultimately the most successful element of #19.
I’ve been walking a lot more than before, climbing more onto places, and except for coming home from the vet and hiding in my crate for a few hours (ssstttrrrreeessssss….), haven’t been hiding or anything. I’ve even been swatting my sisters. My walk is changing, and I’m feeling a bit better. If I could just get to the top of that damned cat perch, we’d be golden! I’m pretty sure I could do it now, I just think that the climb down might be a bit challenging.
Haven't heard about Uni yet, but not holding my breath as it is very hard to get in and they get a lot of applicants and very few places to fill.
2 We Take Care of Our Own
(meaning… Fall should be hell compared to this semester)
But it didn't matter,
After the failed attack on Prince Nayef, three US agencies examined the threats which bombs secreted in clothing or inside the body could pose to aviation security.
Thus has Populist Democracy made cowards of us all?
Don't forget Thomas' Book is on sale at Old South Antique Mall!!
If you don’t like Woody Allen movies and “Frasier”, stay away. You’ll just end up with an unattractive sneer on your face if you go see this. If the wind changes, you’ll be stuck looking like that forever.
A Yes, he did.
As nine out of ten nutritionists, and economists, predicted, the RBA holds rates today.
In In re Cox Enterprises, Inc. , Serial No. 76591278 (January 12, 2007), the U.S. Trademark Trial and Appeal Board affirmed that the mark "THEATL" was merely descriptive for magazines, a weekly newspaper, and a section of a newspaper:
And gave me food to eat
“We saw very targeted, almost punitive take-aways from the African-American and Arab-American groups by those who listened to the radical white power rock,” Knobloch-Westerwick said.''
Day Ten. After my two restful purple days, we stopped by Sheriff Karen’s Eurocrime Jail to bail out My Favourite Character from the old West. He is now riding along with us. He has 5 Christian names & 1 Silver Tooth. He wears his gun around his neck but uses belt AND braces to hold his pants up. And he just ate the cheroot I offered him. My stagecoach driver Douglas says he “stinks like a pig”, but I kind of like him. I wonder if you can guess who he is?
They say they're learning
In order to address these questions we must first look at the observational evidence on
different in those days. ITV peremptorily declined to pull the programme, although Thames did agree – with charming mockery I thought – to have an announcer say before each episode, ‘What follows is a work of fiction.’ And then, to rub it in, the play was nominated for a Bafta. (Didn’t win it though – that honour went to Tony Hart cutting up wee bits of paper. Oh, what fun!) The point was made though, and Collins got me to write it as a novel, then I did a
Oh… and the ellipsis lives!
What a lovely world we live in!
After the album was completed the search for a label started and Amputated gave us the best offer so we signed there.
for a couple things I was selling.
I have also been watching her udder expand. Many resources I have read swear by a visual ”milk test” to predict labor, while others say NEVER milk them. I figured it certainly couldn’t hurt anything, so I did the milk test. Here is a great website about a horse milk test to predict a mare going into labor: http://yellowhouseranch.com/foaling.htm This website was really what I started following in the last few days. HOWEVER, I have now learned that the donkey (at least mine) does not produce the amber color described here. The udder builds similiarly, then, about a week ago, I was able to squirt a VERY sticky clear water. 3 days ago, it was still clear, but more of it and less sticky. 2 days ago, it squirted in a very nice stream, but still clear. Yesterday morning, it took on a cloudy appearance. By the afternoon, she had wax on the end of both teats. Sorry, I didn’t get a pic of the milk, just the full udder and wax yesterday.
And I washed her body and edged her stiffening limbs
Just like Odongkara, the mother, Grace Akumu, is happy to see these changes but does not want to be carried away as long as the definite cure remains a mystery.
It’s obvious that someone has had one too many bowls of Count Chocula or watched far too many episodes of those blood sucking vampire dramas on TV. This week police officials in Galveston, Texas reported that (an obviously mentally disturbed) 19-year old “drakul” wanna-be named Lyle Monroe Bensley broke into a woman’s apartment and proceeded to hiss and growl whilst biting and hitting her in her bed.
I absolutely loved this book! I can't wait to read Black Heart, which is the final book in the trilogy, because I know that it's going to be amazing!
“Could Celia or me get it?”
Trinidad is one of those God forsaken small towns that seem to revolve around gossip, alcohol and high school athletics. I began my life in town as a 7th grader, still seething with disparity and hatred. As the new kid, I had no choice but to be bullied and sought refuge with my kindred, primarily Jimmy, another 7th grader who would become a lifelong friend. By the time we had made it to high school and I had made friends out of my tormentors, I had entered into a phase of delinquency and drug use in which I would swallow any pill on the table and turn coat on practically anyone if there was anything in it for me, especially a female.
I jerk my arm that’s rapped tightly around his neck, with little effect. His rock hard exterior won’t give to my feminine stature. My blazing core pores out my body, heat rising from every inch of skin. Slowly he lets go of the girl. I won’t let go of him just yet, I’m not through with him.
We need to recruit new compassionate doctors and medical professionals who will abide by and honour the long held safeguard to ensure fair and equal treatment to all of the sick without prejudice - The Hippocratic Oath.
Happy Saturday! It's Sharon W. of Designs by Sharon, here, hosting again this week. I hope everyone is ready to play along with us here @ Our Creative Corner. First, I have a little housekeeping to take care of. Last week, I hosted a recipe challenge for a St. Valentine's Day themed challenge. And well, there were entries that did not follow the recipe. I'm not sure if was because of the popularity of the theme, or the title, or what. We all have taken time and energy to both develop and participate in these challenges, and so we ask the same of you, our treasured followers and players. Second, I would like to say Thank You to our guest designers last week! They did a wonderful job showing their talents and creativity. And third, a heart felt thank you for all of you who participated in last week's challenge. I know the color combination was very creative.
A little later two other friends came to visit, we were on our way to NICU to see the baby. The elevator doors opened and who steps out - my husband! My friends graciously bowed out, allowing my husband to go in and meet Tomas in a private moment. We went in and looked him over. Tomas was not a magazine cover newborn, and it had nothing to do with DS. Oh, he was cute all right, but just had a few quirky things going on. For starters, he had no eyebrows - not a hair in sight. Then his cranial plates were overlapping. When I first saw this I thought it was a DS thing, but the nurses assured me it was a baby thing, and that they would move and shift and eventually fall into place. At the time my husband came in they were overlapping right over the center part of his head and he looked like a little Klingon baby, only with no eyebrows! I could tell he was nervous that this was all permanent stuff so I did my best to reassure him. He didn't want to hold him as there were too many wires and he was too afraid. We just sat there for a long time and watched, and eventually headed up to my room.
Finally after walking for an hour the three humans came to the local grocery, where the parking lot was empty except for four cars. The roof had fallen in and only two walls were left partially intact. Across from the store was a newly built apartment complex that was shredded, but Judd could see a couple units that weren't hit too hard. “Let's check out those rooms,” he said.
For what reasons do you save stuff? What inconsequential objects do you love?
Social Science Research Network
Right now, I should be laughing and making a joke about this. But it just blew me away. He explained in a biological sense, why teenagers have problems with being ‘told’ to do something. The teenage brain copes better with requests & flexibility. He gave the following example:
"If Christianity is just about getting into heaven when we die, then what's the point of life? Why are we here at all?"
Oh, and get this...he's not telling his mum or sisters that he is coming! I made some comment on facebook about his trip to Australia and he got a wee bit annoyed with me. "I told you that, Emma, that I was going to surprise them. It was the very first thing I said!" Um, no actually, it wasn't. I would remember that because I would have said "What the feck are you thinking! That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard!" Honestly! Anyway, I am pretty sure his one sister saw it, or at the very least her son said something. She called here that very night and she never, every calls us. She didn't ask and he didn't volunteer it. He was talking to the nephew on facebook the other night and he did ask William if he was coming, to which he said yes, but it was meant to be a surprise. He says he didn't tell anyone, but we are pretty sure they know!
6 tbsp strawberry jam
Four main crops oil palm, soybeans, sunflower seed and rapeseed are produced by a small number of developing countries, however as their own livestock sectors have developed they must now also import feed to meet demand.
The one drank with friends.
message of prosperity and material wealth, it will produce the same in your
Liev had a great time running around, picking parsnips and just being a little boy who was able to roam free and get dirty. He ate tomatoes right off the vine and mulberries right off the tree. The potluck was right during his nap time and he didn't even miss it. He did nap on the very short drive home and then on me on the couch. We thought he'd be cranky and we were prepared to leave early but he was so great. I guess he was having too much fun to think about sleeping.
I took a pack everywhere I went- lionskin.
Unfortunately, however, one of the parallels with our past is that failed policies are sometimes intensified rather than abandoned. This happened with the pass laws, for example, before PW Botha finally repealed them in 1986. It may also happen now with the Employment Equity Act, with its provisions for heavier fines to enforce racial quotas upon all employers - when the Government cannot even get Denel, or Eskom, or SAA, or Transnet to meet its racial targets at management or skilled levels.
It's almost Friday! Whoop! How is your week going so far? Today was busy busy, but so much fun! I worked on a lot of fun new things for the classes we are starting in April. I am loving all of the new stuff we have going on at the club. I look forward to every class I teach and take! :) More information to come on those in the future. Maybe even some fun videos.
Clyde.’
We tried to link the above 3 to a wee set.
As myself and researcher Anthony McIntyre were battling in the Boston courts against the PSNI subpoenas last fall, the British prime minister, David Cameron, summoned the family of slain Belfast attorney, Patrick Finucane to Downing Street. Finucane had been shot dead by loyalist gunmen in 1989 but it is now widely accepted that British intelligence and the police in Northern Ireland, the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), had foreknowledge of the murder plot and allowed it to happen. Finucane was a legal thorn in their flesh and what better way to remove it than by way of loyalist bullets?
So much fun had, water skiing, tubing, snorkeling, socialising and relaxing.
This challenge will close April 25th, midnight USA EST.
Lawrence Kasdan (The Accidental Tourist)
However, the main focus of this edition is the local fashion industry; fashion as it aids the development of indigenous tourism. As Deji Rotinwa writes, “Nigeria’s fast-growing fashion industry has covered a lot of ground in a short time.”
In another saucepan melt the remaining butter. Add the garlic and mushrooms and saute for a few minutes till mushrooms are soft.
Love the coziness of this sitting room. The flowers are
After a brutal attack left him without a limb and his team dead, former Green Beret Haytham “Hawk” Wilson is angry at life and God. Bitter, he pushes everyone out of his life. Every day he relives his decision to send the Afghan boy home rather than following orders to kill any who came upon his hidden team. So when on his deathbed at age 36, eaten alive by grief and regret, he’s offered the chance to relive any seven hours, Hawk is determined to go back, kill the boy, and save his team. The decision is simple . . . until he gets there.
We all know a Lazarus. He’s the guy with the cardboard sign. The lady with the backpack. It’s the orphan with the stomach bloated by hunger. In our world we come across Lazarus so often that we can become blind to him. We make excuses for our behavior and place the responsibility on their behavior. We say we aren’t rich, but Lazarus would trade lives with us any day.
"Alright, you da boss. Anyway, common you gonna play yer hand or what?" answered the brown haired man.
“Very well, if you wish… But I require that you call me Great Lord” he said arrogantly, regaining a little of his composure. Well, if the voice wanted to be his servant, there were rules to be followed and his word was law. As he dwelled on it, the more his ego grew. Perhaps he had just been wrong and this was just all a ploy to impress him. If it was, then it certainly was impressive.
There are so many different media choices available to paper crafters these days. Copics are one, but frankly, I'm not a fan. I like my pencils and I like to think I get pretty decent results with them. During a recent DT discussion, one of my DT Peeps complained about his choice of coloring medium:
brownie (mums famous recipe)
I enjoy working hard, I enjoy doing my best, and when I can’t do that it’s like i’ve failed somehow.
And if you're heading to Trafalgar Square this evening to hear the LSO, guess what? The sun is out. Is there nothing that Valery Gergiev can't fix?
We all left to go to the family home where it was just food and laughter and nothing was said about the old bloke--
Jesus replied, “Blessed are you, Simon son of Jonah, for this was not revealed to you by man, but by my Father in heaven.”
Bay and Daphne, who are bonding more and more like sisters every episode, discuss Emmett’s new mood and Daphne casually mentions that the two wrote a deaf-horror movie script, “Dawn of the Deaf”, together. Recruiting all of their friends and family, the girls decide to produce the movie as a birthday present for Emmett.
Sadie JONES!!
it was someone I didn't know.
Strategic planning and strategic management can help you to determine your personal and business strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and strengths. Better known as your S.W.O.T. You must think in terms about what might go right and what might go wrong with your customers, employees, competitors, investors, regulations, your internal and external environments.This type of planning and management is you and your company’s way of defining your overall business management, long-term vision, mission, strategy, direction, objectives, goals and making decisions on allocating your resources to pursue your strategy.
Struck (Struck #1)
So, The steak is pretty much self-explanatory. Heat grill, add rub to steak, grill, rest, serve! Before the steak was thrown on the grill (a.k.a. George), I grilled up some red onions and zucchini spears with a little olive oil and salt and pepper. I also got a box of couscous going (such hard work!). The dip in the back is a yogurt, sour cream, cucumber mixture similar to raita (a.k.a. Indian cuisine happiness). Oh and I threw in some feta, because there is always room for feta (or is it Jell-o?). The only thing missing was pita!
I remember us piling into my car and just driving. Driving and listening to music. Not talking. Not singing. Just us. We ended up at a park, the only one in my small town and we bought some ice cream and sat on a park bench.
Dad or, maybe, Mum?
What else? I'm still letting go about a hundred times a day. I'm listening to this amazing man (my dad had one of his albums on vinyl when we were kids and I've just rediscovered him). I'm watching Mad Men Season 4 and very addicted. I'm loving my beautiful Sissycat who is especially affectionate at the moment (not right at this moment, hissing and scratching at another cat through the window). I'm writing a little, editing a short story which will hopefully soon be published in an anthology. I'm celebrating that I've put on a pound for the first time in ten months (those who know how upset I've been at losing so much weight will know how pleased this makes me). I'm curling up on the settee tonight in my little black dress and fluffy slippers with the TV, some Finnish DVDs and lots of nibbles. And I'm smiling, because despite having a tough month, I'm doing OK...
“I had the Midtown Theater District restaurant that was kind of square, and he had the hipper, downtown West Village restaurant that cool people went to.”
7. Lapis French Ring Flat Sheet by Serena & LilyThe Lapis French Ring flat sheet by Serena & Lily displays small graphic rings upon a crisp white palette, creating visual texture on a fabric that is only soft to the touch. This charming flat sheet perfectly complements the colors in the medallion print of Serena & Lily's Madeira duvet, while a Lapis blue sateen band adorns the edge of the entire collection. This sheet set is woven at a premier Italian mill from the finest 300-thread-count 100% cotton sateen.
I would like to propose that we work out a way to sell people the placebos they want without hurting any creature or any penis, whether it be attached to them or not.
(Originally Published on eGullet.com, July 4, 2004)
I won’t bore you with the whole list (write for details, if you simply must learn more!) Anyway, you get the idea. But whether you think my music is dated and I’m some kind of relic or not, the point is this:
That leads me to believe one of two possibilities. Either it was Sheridan’s intention all along to sack counsel and defend himself, on the basis that his oratory would sway the jury (as had already happened in Edinburgh) and that he would be seen as the “common man” standing up to the massive NotW or his QC was not prepared to pursue one or more of the lines of defence Sheridan had suggested. Counsel have a duty to their client of course, but also a duty to the court, and in a legally aided case, to the Scottish Legal Aid Board. If they feel they are being called upon to act in breach of their duties, and the client insists, then they must withdraw. If Mr McBride had been acting for Sheridan, rather than for Gail, then it may very well be the case that the same decisions, whether that of Sheridan to dispense with counsel, or by counsel to withdraw, would have been taken.
In a recent survey, the readers of AD largely opined that only the identitarian parties can prevent the annihilation of the European culture, and that even the Church and the community institutions are powerless against it. What factors have contributed to a growing perception that traditional European institutions lack effective responses to address our current cultural and ethnic reversal?
The lighting in the convention center was tricky.
Your time will come....
Which is why so many teenage girls in the late Seventies
The lucky girl is Cheryl Lea :-) Congratulations ! :-) Please email us with your choice of stamp sets and your address and we will forward them to Kim :-)
And that, my friends, is how we're looking these days. I have to tell you, we are so proud of how our walls turned out. For first timers seaming two walls made of different materials, we feel we did a heckuva job! There are slight imperfections, but they can easily be attributed to the fact that our house is 50+ years old. Just more character adding to the charm of our home, right?
A silent underarm bisects the diagonals
Favorite places to travel?
....otherwise, nowhere to be seen.
What they don’t tell you about blogging is that it is really easy to write when you are complaining; it’s significantly less interesting to write about how things are going well.
In August 1992 the military officers confronted President Bush and demanded he sign agreement that he would return the United States to constitutional law and ordered him to never use the term New World Order again. Bush pretended to cooperate but secretly planned to bring about the New World Order anyway by signing an Executive Order on December 25, 1992, that would have indefinitely closed all banks giving Bush an excuse to declare martial law.
So let’s go Christian husbands, wives and singles. Let’s agree to God ‘making’ us over…first!
Van Dieman Stacks Bluff Oatmeal Stout 330ml $4.50 - Smooth oatmeal stout possessing espresso notes subtle vanilla from the use of beans in the brew.
Thank you so much for your prayers and support. We really do very much appreciate you all.
Plus she sounded really warm and friendly and definitely not scary on the phone, which is a plus.
Imagine arriving at your potential new employer, rehearsed and thinking positive. You sit down in front of a panel of three; An older gentleman in a 3 piece suit, binder and note taking utilities in hand, a younger gentleman dressed very casual looking like he was dragged in just for the hell of it with a goofy grin on his face and a shaved bald gentleman, intimidating and rugged looking like a bouncer asked to sit in to keep the peace. Your palms sweat and your lungs fluctuate intensely filling with air and collapsing on each breath. You take one last deep breath when the older gentleman opens his mouth and says “Let’s begin.”
2. SEVERAL times, too often to be a coincidence….we see severe weather (tornadoes , damaging winds, and hail) hit these frequency flash epicenters. This usually occurs within 48 hours of the high frequency being emitted from the ground based station (usually a ground based NEXRAD RADAR or similar produces the pulse).
Nik deftly snatched the item out of the air, noticing as he did so, that there was a rather large scorch mark on the glass wall behind the desk. He filed it away and looked down at the item now cupped in the palm of his gloved hand. It was a small data disc, the kind used to store temporary data such as holo or voice recordings. He looked back up at Wro’bel.
Separate the dough into two portions. Roll each section out to an 11X14-inch rectangle. Brush the top with melted butter. Using a pizza cutter or sharp knife, cut the dough into two pieces, the long way. Then slice the dough into five or six strips across so you end up with 10 to 12 small rectangles. Roll each small rectangle up like a snail and place on a lightly greased baking sheet with the roll resting on it’s open edge. Repeat with the second portion of dough.
I was picking up my brother at his house en route to Dallas. I ran into a couple of sprinkles on the way, and my old windshield wipers managed to spread the dust and pollen on the windshield into a thin layer right in front of my eyes. So I had to stop and get new wiper blades.
Make the disease scat,
Now you're ready to get back in the swing of things at your university/community college/trade school. Remember that school comes first, and to always show up for your classes at least five minutes early to have a brief conversation with your professor. If he refuses to let you retake the midterm, show your hunting knife as well as a few well rehearsed stabbing motions. Be creative, and see how many different shapes and sizes you can draw phalli on your fellow students' faces. And, always pay the minimum payment on your credit card.
Houda’s idea is that a woman can be whoever as long as she’s first there to prepare all the meals, keep the house clean, teach the kids, and so on. 24/7 sexual availability is a big part of this, too, because a woman’s duties to the household extend to the marital bed. The husband’s word is law: Houda explicitly says she would not encourage a woman to study/work if her spouse forbade it. This is a view many Muslim women I personally know hold, albeit watered-down versions of it (thankfully), and it’s what I was taught.
Truth then becomes the enemy of progress. The enemy of the state. The enemy of the people.
But lets talk about something on a bit more of a serious note because I think this is important and I wish I would have talked about this more before having a baby. People say the moment the doctors put your baby on your chest for the first time is a moment you’ll never forget. People say when you have your baby it’s unbelievable and you’re completely in love immediately. People say there’s nothing like it. You know what I say? People are lying.
Then we repaired to a nearby watering hole to partake of the waters, easing past a badge-laden bouncer to take advantage of a lull in the evening’s jollities – until our table was removed by the bar staff, who warned us ‘it gets packed in here, just you wait...’
I remember the assumptions I made before reading Forgive My Fins, the first book in the series. I was quite reluctant to read it. Now with Fins are Forever, I had the same feelings. Not that I didn't want to read it, I kind of just thought that it won't be good as the last book. I'm still trying to figure out why I had these doubts and where they came from as I did in fact enjoy reading Fins are Forever.
The goals of van Persie have encouraged this challenge and that hurdle is the biggest obstacle to overcome. Yet there is no guarantee that the Dutchman will continue in this form either. We take such matters for granted, often at our peril. At times this season, goals have been hard to come by when the captain is not scoring. It is a wider issue that needs to be addressed in the transfer market and training pitches.
This concluding gesture works pretty well on the film's own terms, functioning as a fittingly sobering payoff to carefully planted details earlier in the film. But to my mind, it also exposes the film's major flaw, one that prevents Mother from fully transcending its genre trappings: Just as the film's twists and turns feel more like immaculately plotted twists and turns than anything else, its payoff feels too much like, well, a cleverly worked-out-in-advance sick-joke payoff. The film is undeniably a well-plotted detective story, one that, as the ad-copy cliché goes, "will keep you on the edge of your seat and guessing." When it comes to adding up to more than the sum of its plot twists, however...well, for me, it comes up just a tad short. Mother plays more like a portrait of an obsessive mother imposed onto a procedural structure rather than a procedural structure that opens out into a portrait of an obsessive mother. There's something a bit too programmed about it for it to be as deeply disturbing as it wants to be.
Not too surprisingly, Shine’s decision to air this inchoate, amorphous show was not universally well received. To wit, Inside Cable News was not the least bit impressed. Rather, blogger Spud scoffed, “This is probably the most uninspiring offering FNC has put on the air….FNC is apparently out of new ideas and unsure of a future course of action regarding 5pm.” He acerbically added, “Nobody involved in this project should feel too secure about its future when the press release announcing it spells out that it has a short shelf life: This is FNC in a rare public manifestation of scramble mode…coming up with something to fill the space without regard to the suitability of that kind of programming at that time of day.
Parents registering for Transitional Kindergarten are sure to have questions regarding the program. Here is a helpful Q and A series.
Original Flag Porter
Pema Jung Nei Zhei Su Drag…’
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Or would that be bend over?
I arrived on time but unfortunately the Zumba class was cancelled. Instead, a master class. That is, a one and a half hour class with a taste of Zumba, Body Attack, Body Combat, Body Jam, Step and pump. Holy exhausting thought, Batman.
Ten years later Snow Angel was published and won the ForeWord magazine Romance Book of the Year winner, was a National “Best Books 2007” Awards winner, and a 2008 RITA Awards® Best First Book finalist. It was the beginning of her dream career.
I don't care if you stop
1 can black beans, rinsed and drained (you can sub kidney beans if you prefer)
He drank up all the water,
This time we are very lucky to have a special sponsor for this challenge, hope you're impressed by what they have to offer at their store, we are!
She’s been there with a card in the mail, to give a comforting word, albeit from the distance. For a girl that got all the trappings of life later on, she sure understood.
Our weather here is supposed to be in the 60's again so I'm hoping hubby and I get out to ride six miles each day for the coming week. If any of you are in need of extra fluff, just let me know and I'll gladly give you mine.
Anyway I digress. In today’s society you hear about people, groups and businesses apologizing for things they have said. Last time I checked the Frist Amendment to the Constitution gave every citizen the freedom to express and freedom of speech in the United States. Why should anyone have to apologize for offending another person, group, culture or country? If that entity that is offended wants an apology, they should apologize to themselves for being weak-minded. These are the people who want to be catered to their whole lives, they are the ones that think someone owes them something, the ones that depend on others hard work and tax dollars to live. But yet those that believe that words do not kill have to apologize for saying someones ass is too big (Michelle Obama), that Lowes shouldn’t pull their ads from a Muslim show because its racist, or that boys from Northern california shouldn’t wear shirts with American flags on them during Cinco de Mayo because it offends the Mexicans. You know what I say, “Fuck all of you who are offended by these actions. We should not have to bow down to any one person, any one group or culture and any other country. Fuck all of you are too weak to let words go in one ear and out the other.”
We get there and I get Ashlin into the stroller, then get Teagan out. And she was pretty good. She didn’t run too far ahead while I pushed Ashlin, she dropped the garbage that she picked up and wanted to throw out.
and give those placid golden days of all delight my own good name.
My favourite memory was keeping all the windows and doors open in the house, putting the amps on max, strumming 5-6 chords in alteration and singing the cheesiest lyrics that even a Brie loving Frenchman would throw up. Two days later I would get approached by a neighbour telling me to “Shut the F#ck Up & play some Bon Jovi or Linkin Park“.
Media term it "summit fever", the apparent callousness that drives mountaineers to disregard ethics on their Everest ascents, sometimes literally climbing over dead bodies to reach their goals. But whatever the preparation and outlandish cost, perhaps it's not simply ruthless determination that makes someone abandon their team mates, and yet still have the energy to summit. In such alien conditions, utterly hostile to human life, climbers might face their own mortality. Under the spectre of pure, unadulterated fear, they must realize that they are beyond help as well as beyond helping anyone else.
If a Kaiju is in contact with a ship it will attempt to crush and eat it rather than use its fire-breath. Roll 1D6 and add one to the roll – this is the number of ‘r’ hits scored on the vessel. In addition a critical hit is automatically scored. The ship is considered grappled and unable to move until the Kaiju is forced to retreat or the ship is
So is the work around here usually, sometimes or never finished? It’s never finished. Our top priority is keeping our family functional. Next, we have a lot of animals to entertain. Somewhere after that come dishes, laundry and hot spots (flat surfaces that seem to attract clutter).
As you all know my husband started a new job on the 14th. It has been incredibly difficult, for him and for me. He was so torn when it was time to leave. I know he wanted to stay, and I know he needed to go. But God has covered us, and surrounded us with people who treat their neighbor as they treat themselves. In particular two people have helped a tremendous amount. Tomas' nurse came and stayed with him the first night Mike had to leave. She came off the clock and left her two small boys overnight to stay so Tomas would not be alone. It turned out to be his roughest night and she had to make a lot of decisions in caring for him, and she did wonderful. The next day my neighbor volunteered to pick the girls up from their day camp, keep them overnight, and bring them to camp this morning. This allowed me to stay all day yesterday and last night. I have friends and family who would be here in a heartbeat if they didn't live over 1000 miles away. Then I have all of you, this community of women. You beautiful, beautiful women. You who pray for my son, who send messages of compassion, hope and good cheer.
Lucy now only insists on her root beer in goblets. Who is this girl?
Because I'm switching energy companies, I was waiting for the final closure bill from my old energy provider with some dread. I thought I might be owing them all sorts of money because it had just been wintertime and an expensive time of the year. That bill came in the mail today and much to my relief, I'm getting a nice amount of money back that I can really use. The gods smiled kindly upon me.
2. I was in Anthropologie the other night (can you say trouble?) and picked up this shirt. Yep, it's orange bicycles. Love it and it's much more fun that my other button-ups I wear to work. And in full disclosure, Justin picked this shirt out. Anthro always has things in random places and Justin saw this and pointed it out to me. He's a keeper.
screamed releasing
The Stereo Vinyl Cruiser Complete Orange was inspired by three things: music, skateboarding, and fun. Stereo’s creative roots trace back to one of its original inspirations: American Jazz and Blues music and the rich style, design, and culture that went with it. Stereo owners Jason Lee and Chris Pastras started out riding what are affectionately called “Banana Boards” as early as 1979 and now, after professional skateboarding careers spanning two decades, they still enjoy riding their collectible versions, which inspired the “Vinyl Series” boards today.
Weather in the 70s + best friend in town + hubs and I both off + brand new highlighted hair + eating until we can't breathe = a pretty perfect weekend, if I do say so myself.
“It’s something else much more complicated, combined with the risk of an all-out war, especially in the north with Hezbollah,” he explained. “So I think they wanted to give the public an understanding that it’s not going to be easy for the Air Force.”
enough to cistern this dry bourne we bone.
Rich nose of dried fruit and fresh blackcurrant, loads of dried fruit, fresh fruit, peel, leather, smoke and caramel notes – almost scented like a candle! The plush palate is studded with spice, opulent fruit moving to a savoury, gamey finish that is nicely balanced by freshness. This is a terrific wine and I want some – 94/100 points.
his own truth
Ask yourself: when do they flower?
Last week was National Library week and the lovely Sarah of Songbird Sweets had the genius idea to cookie a few of her favorite books in honor of this literary celebration. She asked a couple of her friends to join in filling a cookie bookshelf of our favorite books.
In print editions, alternative story forms tend to be more engaging to readers than blocks of text. For Web sites, alternative story forms can take engagement to the next level by creating opportunities for reader interactivity, like clicking on a map, viewing a slideshow or taking a quiz.
Once again I bring up an example of a personal situation not as an attempt to gloat about a large account, although it was my biggest account at that agency, but to show that relationships are key to sales and life is all about sales. I did not approach the account thinking there was no way I could land it because it was so big. I just figured out what the best thing was for the client, let them know how I was going to do that for them and executed my word.
Both me-made pairs of pants are also from one basic stretch skinny jeans pattern. I made the flare pair in an indigo denim and the other skinny&cropped pair in a floral print.
“God can use those who have done evil to accomplish good,” Nance said. “Grace as I understand it is an unmerited gift from God. God does that because he loves us.”
Liar Liar
the glance of your eyes, the touch of your
So, as I began to study these paintings, I spied a common feature in some of the works.
I hope you will check out the rest of this week's creations...maybe even leave some kind words for the DT's efforts. I would love to see what you come up with using this sketch....
So what if the song has a few critics, it's being praised by millions. The song has got over 10 million hits on YouTube.
Let me show you how this thing'll shape up. Shall we?
To be honest I wasn’t too impressed with the acting job given by some of the actors at the beginning. The lines were delivered as if the actors were looking at cue cards. It was more of a high school play on a screen with many awkward moments at the start. As the movie progressed it did, thankfully, get better. Schuyler Fisk (Elizabeth Cotton in the movie) was the most promising and believable from the beginning. She performed quite well, like an actor should. I did, however, expect more from Mia Wasikowska. I had seen her in so many movies and had loved her acting job in almost all of them, but there was just something off in this film. I liked her character but her performance just wasn’t that believable. Towards the end of the film, Ryo Kase’s acting
the only reason I helped her was because she was either going to be safe with me or she was gonna go downtown where she'd be away from everyone.
She tosses playful glances over her shoulder,
The first iteration of the G-Cloud store is now up and running with 257 suppliers offering the public sector around 1,700 cloud computing services for year-long contracts.
We thought we'd share a few Mother's Day ideas that we are doing in our classrooms.
i know i know - an EVEN BETTER version of myself - holy spaceballs - it's gonna be good!
Perfectaholic belief: Others judge me based on the quality of my creative work, and I must impress them above all else.
Throughout the songs, I found it also quite amusing to find lyrical references to ‘games’, ‘ball’, and ‘playing cards’ (Out of the game, Welcome to the Ball, Respectable Dive) building up a theme related with the album title ‘Out of the game’. Some of those lyrics made me almost wonder whether Rufus is really that tired of the industry and intends an early retirement of some sort, which I just prefer to dismiss as an extreme bad thought.
Her face is back to normality- as in: eyes and smile are no longer shifted and higher on one side
He grinned. 'What's cockchafer mean?' (he is already VERY familiar with feculent) I told him. 'It's a beetle. I googled and showed him the picture.
Dripping down my entryway wall, there is what appears to be a melted Revello ice cream bar and it is forming a pool of white and brown goo on the floor directly beneath this rivulet. I have just come in the door from a full day of meetings, and as I take off my shoes, I see the mess. The perfectionist in me immediately thinks, “Who made this mess and had the nerve to walk away without cleaning it up?” But since no one is home, and have not been home all day, I resist the urge to let out a roar. I lean in for a closer look, tempted to do the sniff test, but I resist. Instead, I see that the mess has spread across the floor of this small room off our kitchen, with another clump of white gunk landing on my brown floor mat. Hmmmm….this is a curious looking ice cream melt, if you ask me. I continue into the kitchen, and it is then that realization sinks into my worn-out brain.
During the 5 minutes or so that the group was discussing the general concerns of people & performance in huge organizations, my mind drifted back to something I had learned during the first 6 months of my work life, and which I have now fondly named “The Workforce ‘Three Quadrant Quandary’.”
Rob G: ok iknow its not a question for me but i would like to weigh in on goku vs superman. yes superman is fast and can shoot heat rays out of his xray eyes, and is powered by the sun thus making him one OP motha…. this being said just about every character in DBZ seems to shoot lazers out of something and can fly and are ridiculously fast. the biggest difference is in power source. superman has sun, goku has getting pissed and sensu beans. by this logic goku wins because he could just blow up the sun and instant transmission out this bitch with the rest of the planet while superman could be left scratching his ass wondering what happened. one spirit bomb, all im saying.
Me: Oh, I know. He’s that basketball player.
A senior ANC leader also criticised the judges, suggesting they had acted improperly in issuing a public statement instead of referring the matter to the JSC. “The NEC (national executive committee) has not discussed the matter, but it leaves a bad taste. We are talking and the thinking is there is no independence in the judiciary and maybe we should consider regulating (the judiciary),” he said.
The meadow flowers lean in to worship and adorn
My thinking of this changed after one writers’ meeting I attended. The speaker shared how God launched her career only after she relinquished her writing desires to God. That sounded like a great idea to me, so the next morning I got on my knees. The only problem was even as I prayed words that sounded good, I knew they didn’t come from my heart. If I was going to do this, I had to give Jesus everything—my hopes, my dreams, my longings. More than that, I needed to give Him access to myself. All of me.
Make a fairy bed from coconut coir–the stuff used to line hanging planters. Steal a little bit from your planter. It won’t be missed!
program for its twelfth annual conference on the theme of ‘Anti-Masonry’
Sloe Gin
2) Only 1% of death in foreign travel results from Infectious disease
Two, shrieking in terror as my skirt blew up and I exposed my panties to some passersby at the gas station. I'm no stranger to attracting unwanted attention to myself at gas stations.
-It is not so much that you ignore your negative feelings as that you process them incompletely....see how your feelings are experienced in your body.
What unfortunately follows is – with the software application acting as a security blanket of project management commitment – true PM techniques and principles are often never learned (nor the application, mind you). Firms utilize the “accidental project management” approach, throw a few activities into an .mpp file, and focus much of their effort on the maximizing the practice of “project management by powerpoint” As a consultant, the most important thing to remember is this – Project Management is in the eye of the beholder (no matter what PMI or PRINCE2 or any other BOK may say.) If your client manages projects through Ouija boards and crayons, then so do you. We must learn to adapt and apply what we’ve learned as project managers to each client and each situation. As PM’s, we should never force feed. We must suggest, nurture, cajole – introduce slowly the project management concepts we know and love – and are enablers of success!. After all, they hired us to be project managers, right?
Ladies and gentlemen, The Hunger Games has been dethroned from the bestseller list by porno fan fic. Yes, you read that right. It’s loosely based off of the Twilight franchise, was featured on the Today show and is being peddled as “mommy porn.” Oh and the author looks like this:
Carrie Ann: I have two favorites: I got to revisit Mel and Kade…and I wrote my first POV from Maddox. He is going to be an emotional book to write. Love it.
“Love One Another”
That gentle insistence that kept me watching stems from its opening scene, I think, in which a body is found floating in a river. It promises ominous things, things that tends to convert Lee's quiet scenes into menacing ones. The movie isn't a thriller, though, and the emotions it seeks to elicit aren't excitement. There is no adrenalin rush here. This is mainly a character study.
Chocolate Weetabix and Tea
Last year’s deal on the minimum wage was regarded by the SSM and the government alike as an achievement. Under the deal, workers may not earn less than 130 euros a month.
Putting together puzzles with pattern blocks using a template gets them matching shapes. I use colored templates to begin, then move to black and white ones, I think I would like to add ones that are just an outline so they have to figure out how to fill the space. I usually include a printable where they record how many of each shape was used. The kids also like to use paper pattern blocks to glue together designs. HeidiSongs has a free download of printable pattern blocks HERE.
A complete novice to Maggie Stiefvater’s writing, the cat went into The Scorpio Races without too many expectations. A good thing too, because if she’d had them, she surely would have been disappointed. The Scorpio Races is not about “Scorpios” nor is it about “Races” at all,… so far for the title giving away the whole plot. Not necessarily a bad thing, of course. The Scorpio Races is actually about Maggie Stiefvater painting a picture of an island, Thisby, in a non-descript period of time. A painting of a place-less place in a time-less time, if you will. Stiefvater definitely does her utmost to make that painting as universal as possible, which is bound to alienate a bunch of readers, amongst which also the cat…
The ag program takes Harvest Moon's spent grain, sparing the brewpub disposal costs, and by feeding it to the cattle the program raises, the spent grain doesn't wind up in landfills.
4. This all is in the hands of God, and is intrusted to the Immaculate Heart of Mary. And we all know that God, the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, loves the Traditional Latin Mass and traditional Catholicism! We also know with the highest confidence that the Blessed Virgin Mary, Saint Joseph, all the saints in heaven, as well as all the angels and archangels, they all love Traditional Catholicism!
On Monday I had my first visit with Dr. D-grief counselor. Yes, that's right, I finally did it. I finally decided to wave my white flag. I finally admitted to myself, that although I have seemed to fix myself my whole life, I may need some outside help to mend this broken lady right here. And so, on Monday I got to meet Dr. D and so far, I adore her. She gives me an insight and a point of view that I have never thought of. Which that's their job right? But she does it without making me feel like what I'm doing, thinking, feeling or acting is unnatural or weird. Again, her job right? Well amongst all the things we talked about in this 60 minute session. (who knew so much could be crammed into what seems so little time) she gave me a tool to use.
This reminds me of a story about the animals in the zoo.
The Make It Monday challenge is to use non-background stamps to make a background. I used a dandelion head from the Anniversary set, Botanical Silhouettes. It looks like little fireworks! The basic color scheme is melon berry, enchanted evening, and simply chartreuse (I used calypso coral, the indigo, and lucky limeade from the new SU in colors as ink.) And, of course, all the really GOOD patterned paper has glitter, so....... stickles.
Used. Vulnerable. Broken. All words to describe me right at this very moment.
Summary: Sharks often use the ”bump and bite” attack: The shark tests its prey by repeatedly bumping it. If the prey gives no dangerous response, the shark begins its attack — biting the prey repeatedly and viciously. It works for sharks, as it has worked for our leaders. Now the bumping phase ends and the attack begins. Attorney General Eric Holder explains the new order.
WHY IS HRC TOUTING EXPERIENCE?
We've had more presidents named Millard than we've had named Matthew, Mark, Luke, Peter, Paul or Mary. One Grover (elected twice) but no Robert. Yes to Dwight, no to David. Hooray for Harry, but hisses for Henry (unless you think of William Henry Harrison as having two first names and I don't). Hello Chester, goodbye Charlie.
· Be here now
“Tell me thy company and I will tell thee what thou art.” Miguel De Cervantes
Can it be that you want to leave us today, O Lord of self-determined action,
So, how is that Publishers and Authors want to degrade and destroy self-published authors? They claim the art has to be held to high standards, free from dumbing down… this from an industry that gave Snookie a book deal, who has no talent then taking a punch in the face and getting banged by douche bags. Hate to point out the obvious but that’s a pretty strong sign of the industry being less about the art and more about the $$$$. Of course they also say that it has to be rich in talent and only the best should be allowed into their circle… Snookie, Paris Hilton, Justin Beiber… really…really? When they insult us with this and football fields of bad work, they really can’t say they’re doing it for art anymore. It’s almost as though Big Publishers & some authors are living in the stone age, where other arts do not. If they didn’t gave their permission, it shouldn’t be. That’s just laughable and dumb.
First of all, I got a really cool bulging forearm muscle from scooping hard ice cream. And secondly, I got to eat delicious ice cream every day, which is basically a dream come true.
To make it even more confusing, New York also had a Century Theatre on the other side of Columbus Circle that was demolished in the 1930s. Hopefully I've gotten these theaters all straightened out!
Where Autistics Excel: Compiling An Inventory of Autistic Cognitive Strengths
I don't know about you, but this Pack Rat can always use more storage space!! So with that in mind, I started looking around the house for some items to hold things for my studio. And I came up with these. Wine crates that I got while I was still working at Sam's Club.
I normally don't set goals at the beginning of the year.
Same Thing – Muddy Waters
And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.
“You should talk more, you have a nice voice.” He said. Peter would just be so damn cute and say weird compliments like that. He was young and very sweet.
RIO DE JANEIRO — I came to Brazil in the 1980s at a time of funny money. Inflation peaked at 6,821 percent in April 1990. Today it’s a place of funny prices. An ordinary Chilean red may go for $100 and brand-name sneakers for $350. Paris and New York seem like a steal.
But our commitment to getting up and on the road was justified as we rolled into the car park of the Cannop Cycle Centre at just after 9:30. Already busy and brimming with fellow mountain bikers we found ourselves a space at the end of the car park and set about unloading and necking down the important early morning coffee courtesy of the cafe.
Do I eventually want to get married? Of course! I just want to be in a position to start the adoption process at the same time. I want to be able to have an answer to those inevitable questions. I want to be able to say that we’ve started the adoption process. Maybe then the person asking the prying questions will realize that marriage and parenthood doesn’t necessarily come easily for everyone.
If you received a nasty comment on a piece you’ve posted, would you delete it? What would your response be to a troll?
Hours: 10:00am-5:30pm with some extended hours
Want to do a favor for an author with almost no effort on your part? Click the “Like” button on the Amazon listing for their book. Then scroll down to “Tags” and check off a few. This helps raise the book’s rating in search engines. You could start here with The Woman Who Loved Jesse James. And thank you!
Also seen in this after photo you get a sneak peek of the new floors here in the after shot. More to come on that later!
The government has of course decided to load the changes to the Old Age Security Program into this bill, obscuring even more the dangerous implications to vulnerable seniors. They are hoping that the distant timelines for phasing in the changes will deflect the concerns of many Canadians.
First, I would like to wish everyone a very Happy Good Friday and a blessed Easter. It is going to be a beautiful weekend here in Upstate NY and I am super excited about enjoying the outdoors later today after the work is all done out in the shop.
“The adaptations to her new flat will continue over the next week then it is hoped that Ms Parma will sign her tenancy agreement and move into her new home, where her social worker will ensure her care package meets her needs.”
Their 2nd album, Bloody Kisses (with “Black No. 1“) is, to me, a seminal work in gothic rock/gothic metal/whatever you want to call it. I think it’s an insant-classic album that I will listen to until my dying day. “Black No. 1″ will remain in my party playlist forever.
My receipts label from the eighteen 25 printable for one sleeve of the folder,
When I first picked it up, I thought it would be a lot of puffery and braggadoccio, but it was actually quite interesting. It's about Amerigo Vespucci, Giovanni Verazzano and Filippo Mazzei. It was particularly interesting to compare Vespucci and Verazzano's explorations, and their reactions to the native people they encountered.
Sure it looks bad. Major. But underneath that crunchy cracked chocolate is a moist vanilla cake with 100′s and 1000′s sprinkled through it. They actually taste pretty good. And totally unhealthy. The perfect Saturday afternoon snack!
Check Ailyn's outfit details here! If you were eyeing her JCrew coat, then today's your day since JCrew is offering 30% off all outerwear + free ship.
Here’s just one more LIE that has been exploded regarding 911.
Soon he was plummeting earthwards.
mission to the Sultan of Chandra. There he
Crying, scared, talking to the mans sgt, glad he was never tracked down
That must have sucked.
This is the nutshell of the conversation I had with my precious Lord and friend.
17. Sam Cooke "Get Yourself Another Fool" 4:05
And it is not just China here. It was Korea and India before that and Japan before that and Mexico and the American South before that and the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory before that. The delivery chain has gotten longer, and the people who are paying for this are further away. No one you know. But they are still there and if we can simply get people to be as concerned about their well-being as we would be about free-range beef and cruelty-free veal, then we've made a needed step forward. Which, I think, is the place where Daisey is going to.
For my take, cans certainly have their advantages, and craft beer drinkers love their convenience and portability. Hopefully, the market will soon demand that Ball and its competitors come up with a way to manufacture effective BPA-free cans.
because they had shown me.............
-beer is brought into the ring by Jericho, he cracks it open and pours it on Punk.
Thank you all for your patience. I will be doing my best to get back my blogging mojo….and have fun things starting in the new year. 2011 is going to be MY year. I can feel it. Do you have anything planned for 2011? Tell me…maybe we can inspire each other.
And he was. She was, is, and will always be, the perfect cat for us.
Billy Winn, DT, Boise State – Extremely talented player with character concerns. A little small for a DT (under 300 lbs), but tall (6’4″). Technique concerns and lack of effort caused him to slide.
De es Schwertberger had kindly invited all the artists to his studio. So off we went on the Vienna tube, his studio was truly impressive. Extremely large, open and full of light and work. I asked him how long he had worked in this amazing space, he told me he had been there for 20 years! The conversations that had started at the conference carried on with everyone sat inside a ring of De es Planetarians (over life sized sculptures). Many of the local artists were there and I could see there was a really strong community at work in Vienna. It felt nice to be socialising with such an international bunch of artists.
Due date: When the assignment is due.
Of course, of primary importance in hokku aesthetics is the overall subject matter of hokku, which we summarize as “Nature and the place of humans within, and as a part of, Nature.”
Some green or brown or any pear colour you can think of, I have used spring green hand spun.
19. IMRAN KHAN (PAK) Right Arm Fast (1969-92)
Patricia Kul, 47,who works in Cluny Bakery, said: “I haven’t had any trouble. “Maybe a couple of cans missing now and again. “But I know the newsagents gets trouble with a few louts in at a time taking stuff.” What’s the secret of your success, Patricia? Is it the pies?
You have been with me all through the bad times.
Me? Well, luckily, she thinks chubby is cute.
Maybe it was the way she’d said it or maybe it was just me. But I fell silent almost immediately and found myself staring at the window of my car.
“I don’t trust the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership, I don’t Joe Chan, I don’t trust Forest City Ratner,” she said. “I certainly don’t trust ESDC, but I hope they do the right thing in this case.”
It had been mentioned to me in passing, but there was so much coming and going at that point that it didn’t really phase me. As I would much later find out, she had declined Mike’s offer to replace them as she felt it was my obligation to replace them as she’d been helping me out by emptying the boat. She of course never mentioned this was her expectation to me. I had not asked any of them to empty the boat out, they had volunteered and at this time, I’d been told I wasn’t very good at accepting help, so I just accepted.
what's your favorite toy?
I have hope, I have my God, and I have new memories to make with my beautiful family. I won’t let the past hold me back from those things. and I am joy-filled to have some heritage from my dad to pass down through the generations. His love for God. My love for God. and most importantly God’s love for us.
the children that lived here before liked to write on it and everything else.
Working at an event like that is something that I really like to do. It's so different from what I do at my "regular" job. It's like working at the Gift Mart in Atlanta or on the vendor floor at a scrapbooking convention. If anyone is looking for help at a similar event, please let me know!!
And down to the nitty gritty
As a Government&Politics student I get to know about different things, politically speaking, around the world. I must say that I find the course amazing but there are also some things that really annoy me.
“Heavy fighting continued until this morning,” the military official said.
Aren't these just beautiful??
Wait, you mean it’s legal somewhere for a woman to do away with an unwanted child? I have 12 unwanted children. They’ve put me in an early grave. Can you abort a full grown child? What about a husband?
And sometimes let your mind rest.
My Aspie son's favorite food now makes him throw up.
First I sort of lurked around visiting all the MM posts leaving comments as an anonymous participant. Eventually one of you recognized me as a stalker and challenged me to get in it. I am still glad I did!
If you're the same Brigitte Weeks who used to write for Book World, and Guideposts, what the HELL are you doing here??
Back soon with more fun and mischief
Richard-"If it makes you feel any better you can blame it on me."
Steven Coakley, 36, Deer Park, N.Y.
Khasawneh quit on Thursday and King Abdullah II, who appointed him last October to placate protesters inspired by uprisings across the Arab world, accepted his resignation.
3. Top Cat
Lasher says it's supposed to be a sad poem, a result of his "Tennysonian, not to say Vergilian, mood."
She was only going out twice a week, to have her hair done and pick up her Jenny Craig food...but going grocery shopping is too much and she needs someone to go for her. Last week she did not even go to Jenny Craig.
After seeing her like that, I came back home to write a poem for her. It may seem like a poem saying goodbye, as though she is already gone, and yes, it sort of is. See, I realized in that moment that no matter how much time we have to prepare, we will never get that chance to say goodbye. You never know, when you leave the hospice, if that will be the last time. It’s too hard to say goodbye each time you leave, for her and for you, and so I wrote it down instead.
Julia at A Piece of My Mind has been an instance of sweetness and light for me."
Regardless of where the individual comes from we need someone with solid CEO type skills. Critical would be strong communication skills; the ability to think logically and create a vision for the organization; the ability to develop practical applications for their ideas and theories; and of course the ability to effectively work with and lead others in the realization of that vision.
The first episode of the new series, Miracle Day, changes the rules of life and death on us. People cease to die, regardless of their injury. Complicating things further, the immortal Jack Harkness can suddenly be hurt, indicating that the writers aren’t afraid to sacrifice even him if the story calls for it. By offing the rest of the cast from the first two seasons, Torchwood let us know that anyone can be a target. Putting Jack’s mortality in play also helps to break up one of the problems of immortal characters in television (usually vampires): the current crisis is always related to some aspect of their past. If Jack is no longer immortal then the cycle of unfinished business always coming back to bite him can end. I’m glad Torchwood is back, but I suspect the body count is going to rise again, so I’ll be holding on to my seat.
A poorly drawn outline, face down and splashed with blood
1/3 c olive oil
For a little extra flavour, I added deep fried tofu to the okra.
Jesus is about healing and restoring. That is the process of His church, His people and even your life.
Obligatory: Even though the gift itself is a thank-you, the host must thank his or her visitors (especially if the gift has arrived by mail).
Sandra Fluke is no different than Nazi Pelosi with lies, twists and turns to push Marxism on America. Pass the Bill, and then you can read it? Freeloader Sandra Fluke won’t like these words either, as I partially quote a great American Patriot. Stop the Marxism or get the hell out of the United States of America!
and Fleur de Lis and Hobby House pearls
…and why is that?
Hi guys! I was cleaning my room just now and I thought maybe I should do a mini room tour. Like a really mini one. ^_^ Well, I would loveee loveee loveee to share with you my little cosy area, where I blog, makeup and stuffs like that. Heheheheh.
Wendy’s part is just another highlight in an idea that has taken off. People have been giving more dresses thanks to the spot done by our local newspaper, The Vindicator. And, they’ve done another with responses from a couple of the recipients. Check it out on their website: http://www.vindy.com/news/2012/apr/15/excitement-reigns-as-girls-choose-free-p/
You mean you can’t get drinking water here?
I painted this exactly one year ago, March 16, 2010. It was warmer then and a lot less snow.
I can't believe I'm 2 weeks away from my due date. It seems like everyone says the last month or so goes SOOOO slow, but I couldn't disagree more. Maybe it's because it's the end of the school year and I'm super busy with trying to prep for that as well as prep for my LT sub? Either way, I'm very anxious to meet Carson but I also know that I'll miss feeling his kicks all the time. (Sounds dumb but it's such a great feeling!) I went to the doctor for my 38w appointment and she wants to set up an induction! She said my body is "obviously very ready" and since Carson's heart rate has been lower and he has been consistently measuring ahead, she would love to induce me NEXT FRIDAY MAY 18th!!! Every week she acts surprised that he hasn't come yet so I'm kind of hoping he comes before the induction date just because inductions make me nervous.
Now that's not to say that I don't read and love other genres too. I'm quite a fan of fantasy and I'm falling more and more in love with contemporary with each novel I read.
Fear of entrapment and losing ones freedom.
She looked at the "dimes" and "nickels" and said: "We don't take those small coins here. You can't pay with those. Spend them elsewhere." She would accept the twenty-five cent coins, however, and some dollar coins. It didn't matter, but it was confusing. Earlier, I had paid for some metro tickets with old Canadian five-dollar bills from the same stash of money and caused some astonishment. The ticket-seller in the booth down in the metro must have been all of 25 years old. He looked at the banknotes which were probably older than he was and proclaimed them "relics" — he said I should hold onto such old bills because they might be valuable.
Tellico River Road follows the Tellico River for about five miles from the Cherohala Skyway near Tellico Plains, Tennessee. The river itself offers many wonderful views for future editions of Watery Wednesday.
Me: "Well, he made you to be my little boy and me to be your mommy. And I sure am lucky because I wouldn't want any other little boy in the whole world to be my little boy."
Speaking of sleepless nights and druids, the last time I did sleep I had the most bizarre of dreams. I don’t remember much about the dream itself, but I do remember one thing: large, black and white bears. Except they were anthropomorphic bears, like a bear standing on two legs. They were white, but they looked like someone had punched them in each eye, since they had black patches around their eyes. You would expect that these black-eyed bears might be some new druid form as of yet unknown, but they didn’t seem to be druids at all, more like a different type of warrior. It was very bizarre. I probably shouldn’t have eaten those leftovers as a late night snack the night before. Anduin says that dreams can be prophetic, but I really don’t believe this is prophetic in any way. I think this is more a lesson that one should be careful what they eat before falling asleep.
realized there was not a single
Him: "Yay Orange...they're my favorite team ya know"
Be willing to discuss your reasons for a request.
I’m consistently touched, moved and inspired by us humans and how we travel through this phase we call life. With all it’s highs and lows we keep going, through every trial and culturally varying tribulation we sweep the floor and put decorations on the tree. And we do all this even though we know, in some small, quiet pocket of our minds, that one-day, and we don’t know when, we’re just going to die and not be here anymore. For me this isn’t depressing – it’s inspiring.
'An Intimately Moral Universe' by Helen Banner
The men’s conversation came to a halt a few yards behind her. Abby didn’t have to look to know Sam was raking his steel-gray hair with his hand, exhaling like an angered stallion. Then he cleared his throat pointedly. “Abby? The bishop wants a word.”
It's terrible, tragic and ironic, but it also makes sense - in a weird, double-agent-ironic way - that this small, understated story of remembering and loss should be on the verge of falling into the vacuum. The story is, after all, an extended meditation on nostalgia, grieving and renewal. It's about preserving yourself against the abyss; carving a space of light in a world where all seems dark. When Tom Birkin (Colin Firth) arrives in the tiny Yorkshire hamlet of Oxgodsby, he suffers from a stammer, a facial tic and terrible nightmares. He's also freshly divorced and still pining for his ex-wife, Vinnie (never shown on screen). He arrives in Oxgodsby in rainy twilight and makes his way to a gloomy church. His job for the coming summer months is to restore a decrepit, hidden 14th-century fresco from the church's ancient walls.
I too was let out of the demo, along with a handful of other EDL. We too were set upon by marauding Muslims. We too were sent in the direction of Muslims by WMP - to receive ‘a good kicking’ by a far greater number of Muslims. All this was deliberately done by WMP! Rather than protect the public, the EDL was that day's sacrificial lamb to the WMP’s political correctness and Islamophilia.
“I know that and you know that but our killer seems to think otherwise. You must
My mother said I should stop watching CSI and Charmed because they are the reasons why I dream about monsters. Dreams full of darkness and jam-packed with hairy legs, sharp teeth, drooling green saliva filled me with restless sleep.
Detecting the signs of Anorexia
Perry’s best defense of his in-state-tuition-for-illegals law is to remind voters that it was a state-level decision, implemented in a state that has to tackle the practical fallout from illegal immigration in a way a state like Massachusetts simply doesn’t. (As a reminder, Texas has ten times the number of illegals as Massachusetts.) Texas DREAM primarily affected the state budget of Texas and Texas taxpayers — and, presumably, Texan voters supported it at least indirectly by electing a state legislature that passed it. Offering in-state tuition doesn’t explicitly erode the rule of law as, say, amnesty for illegals would. If a state wanted to offer in-state tuition to international students, it could. If a state wanted to offer a flat tuition rate to all students, it could. Yes, as Rick Santorum pointed out last night, in-state tuition does nothing to discourage illegal immigration — but that’s not what such a law is designed to do in the first place. It’s designed to incentivize college enrollment (and, presumably, graduation). Whether that’s advisable is certainly debatable, but Perry’s support for Texas DREAM need not cost him the support of those who are strongly opposed to amnesty for illegal immigrants or who strongly support — as Perry puts it — “more boots on the ground” to secure our borders. In other words, Perry should reassure voters he’s not squishy on border security nor does he favor amnesty for illegals — and deflect attention from the Texas DREAM Act as much as possible, not call attention to it with self-righteous pronouncements.
affirmed a district court summary judgment that the four patents in suit, including U.S. Patent No. 6,324,538 (entitled “Automated on-line information service and directory, particularly for the World Wide Web”), were invalid as lacking novelty and obvious. In a dissenting opinion, Circuit Judge Haldane Robert Mayer argued that the claimed invention was invalid as an ineligible “abstract idea.” See Bilski v. Kappos, ___ U.S. ___, 130 S.Ct. 3218, 3231 (2010)(invention based on hedging strategy for commodity market investments an unpatentable abstract idea). Noting that the Bilski Court termed eligibility a “threshold test,”, 130 S.Ct. at 3225, Judge Mayer argued that the appeals court “must first resolve the issue of whether the GraphOn patents are directed to an unpatentable ‘abstract idea’ before proceeding to consider subordinate issues related to obviousness and anticipation.” Thus, Mayer essentially proposed that patent eligibility forms a quasi-jurisdictional issue to be addressed prior to other grounds for determining patentability.
The shed is in the corner of a large field and behind this building is a pathway that leads towards his house and ours. As I peaked around the corner, I stopped in my tracks, for there stacked up was every last piece of rubbish that had been in the olive groves. The full compliment of paraphernalia had been moved from one side of the farm to another. 'Speechless' is an understatement. 'Why' was a waste of time. 'Removal', obviously not going to happen. 'French farmer logic' would say that this was a classic win/win. I would no longer see the wreckage when I walked amongst my beloved olive trees and Gérard could keep it for that long-awaited day when it might come in handy. I resisted (with the utmost self control) the temptation to ask him what use could possibly come of this 'treasure'...my Aussie non-farmer-logic thought if we hadn't found a purpose for it in the past eleven years......
The surgery is now finished, and Sam is headed to the CICU for recovery. The Glenn portion of the surgery is over and looks pretty good; however, there is one tiny snafu...the vegetation next to his tricuspid valve has gone missing! Where is it? Nobody knows! If it left the heart, that means it went somewhere else in the body; possibilities include the extremities, the gastrointestinal tract, the lungs, or the brain. The brain would be the worst-case scenario. There is some concern that it went there because the oxygen saturation levels on the right side of his head were somewhat low. Now (of course!) that may mean nothing--lots of possible causes.
they are spirit, and they are life.” Jesus knew His Words weren’t empty; He
INTERNATIONALISM ON THE RISE?
Vee slide into someone else’s body for just a brief moment and than it was over. Kind of like, if you blinked you would miss it. This is the type of book where the characters are important. Due to the fact that I found them boring, I did not care what happened to them, even if it meant they were murdered.
Matthew Barnes, 37, Monroe, N.Y.
So this is what a proper break up is like. No, not the kind that I'm used to- the ones where serialheartbreakerrelationshiphopperjunkie me just cries into the arms of my new found love and everything is forgotten. This time round I have no one to latch on for security; I only have myself ( & the dozen other fantastic friends that I've confided in) to tell me that every thing's going to be all right!
Whoever chose the word “troll” to describe the modern internet plague was definitely a frood who knew where his towel was at. Not only because it captures the spirit of their vicious attacks and gnarly stench, but because trolls have always preyed on those who dared stray from the path. Not in vain are they an integral part of the great con, in the CON-TROLL department.
Stay tuned for another big announcement from ILL BILL this week!
After that episode, her life takes a bizarre turn. She’s experiencing unexpected flashes of insight into people’s lives—people she’s never met before. Strangers frighten her with warnings about the approaching Shadows. And although Elise has never had a boyfriend, she suddenly finds herself torn between two handsome but very different young men: Abe, the charming bad boy whose affect on her both seduces and frightens her, and the mysterious Harlin, who’s new to town but with whom Elise feels an urgent, elemental connection—almost as if they are soul mates.
good things … come to those who wait
Patrick Rothfuss has written only two books with the third and final of his Kingkiller Chronicles due out next year. I’ll be knocking people over to get to that one. The Sookie Stackhouse series belongs to Charlaine Harris, another series that never disappoints.
...and she's all "blah blah blah...blee blahhhh". Appalled at the blatant rudeness of this bitch, my curiosity got the best of me and I leaned way down to see what shoes she was wearing so I could be sure to give her dirty looks if I ever saw her in the hallway.
We stopped by the seafood departments and the crab legs were $10.99 a pound. It sounded pricey to me, but it was for my mom so I couldn’t say no. The lady at the counter saw my hesitation and showed us the “ugly pieces” that they couldn’t sell for $10.99 a pound. We ended up getting them for $6.99 a pound!
How many cards to you usually send out each year?
Additionally, the music was good, and at times brought to mind the Inception trailer’s famous BBBRRRRMMMMM (also known as Mind Heist by Zack Hemsey). The movie was shot beautifully, and certainly created a suffocating environment inside the elevator. The PG-13 rating may cause some to pause, but the film cleverly uses what it doesn’t show you to its advantage. Every time the lights flicker, you will find yourself full of dread, gritting your teeth and straining not to cover your eyes. I have not seen a movie in some time that has pulled off that effect with such aptitude.
and sink brave men in the salty sea
Artist Paul Nudd has organized STOMA (the post-COMA aroma) that is taking place at the former home of The California Occidental Museum of Art (COMA)an alternative space run by artists Erik Brown and Annika Seitz. When I found out about it, I saidDude that is one fucking sweet poster. So we know that COMA is closing? And Stoma is the final-ing of it? And it is like a stye? To which the reply wasis a stoma not an opening from an internal organ to an external device? like a colostomy bag? our goal is to find someone with a
3) I'm a politics geek.
Papers are strewn
The weather has turned and it has finally cooled down and the oppressive humidity has left. Instead we are enjoying the cool winds of change and pulling out those comforters for cozy nights and coccoon sleeping. Winter is inevitably on its way so I need to go buy some cozy socks. That always makes me happy. I won't turn on the heaters until frost bite starts to set in. Open windows and fresh air are hard to give up.
OK, now that that's all settled, I have nothing specific to say. Today started out cool and rainy, raining out the older girl's swim lesson for the second day in a row. (I'd happily have had the younger girl's swim lesson rained out, but no such luck. Younger Girl is not the adventurous type that Older Girl is, and Younger Girl whines and clings to me for the entire lesson instead of dutifully blowing bubbles and kick kick kicking like all the OTHER babies do. Plus, it's colder than you would think in Austin at 10:00 in the morning, and I do not particularly relish jumping into that pool at that time. And, on Day Two, no less.)
Repetitive strain injury – RSI.
on weaving knitting soldering my abdominals back together
Are we nearly there yet?
I encourage you all to try the Walgreens Brand Health & Wellness Products. You will not be disappointed! To learn more about the products, you can "Visit the site for more information"
Another thing: I'm so easy to entertain. All I need is a piece of yarn. Today I cleaned the house with a piece of yarn tied onto my shoe so that I could watch my cat act the fool while I went about doing my thing. It added quite an element of fun. I wish that on my next job, I can go to work with a piece of yarn tied on my shoe and bring my cat along, it would make it so much more bearable. Maybe I can say that I need this as a job accommodation.
To maintain her wealth and fame, Donatella Versace had to create a hybrid child during a Satanic sex ritual between her and twenty lizard boys. The female child was switched in the hospital with a child from a common family in New York and named Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta.
She has created numerous cards for the challenges including many magazine publications as well!!
for now, you just decide that there is nothing too bad with morality
Stagecoach
My previous post threw down the latex gauntlet announcing that, “My medical data should move with me as easily as my music or photo library…”, because, well, it sure doesn’t. And I blamed that problem partly on healthcare IT vendors’ current practice of requiring custom interfaces to be written for every application that wants to interoperate with them. How do other industries avoid this problem? Stay with me to learn the deep dark secret…
Tree Hill really is home, isn’t it?
As the data plainly indicate, Rome knew how to create wealth. And, despite the fact that Roman soldiers had little qualms about inflicting pain, I would also argue they showed more compassion during their crucifixions than the EPA does during theirs.
That was the year that Father Tracy died
Finish off leaving a long end.
1 c. whipping cream (or half-and-half if you must)
I mimicked leaves by backing my 3 favourite items to buy with green paper ;)
The current chair of the Campaign For Real Kevins decided to use his platform at the recent Kevin AGM to label beer bloggers a 'threat', as if by our sometimes inane scribblings, we might create a favourable climate for the Rise Of Keg and undo 40 years of Kevin activism.
When I was growing up I learned so much of my humor and life lessons from looking at you. So please make yourself known to the world by appearing on television/the internet more often. I would be happy to list those shows but frankly there are too many. If you were drawn and were on television in the 90′s you should still be shown somewhere. I want to watch you and remember the good old days when I would get home from school and eat some Gushers and drink a Hi-C juice box.
Not too long after getting into running, I met my girlfriend Julia right before the 2010 Chicago Marathon. I was immediately drawn to her. 1.5yrs later, and I cannot imagine my like without her… crazy how love works. She happens to be a badass runner and someone who pushes and encourages me to do more, just like my grandma. I appreciate running more (amongst many other things in life!) because of her, and I plan on doing many more races/runs with her! (I promise I didn’t put Dean up to saying that! ; )
I faxed the state to get a copy of the complaint about me. We'll see what was reported.
P.S. We got really good at reading maps on this trip. Who says that paper maps are outdated?
Jean Rhys wrote this as a novelistic, literary response to Charlotte Bronte‘s classic and brilliant 19th century novel, Jane Eyre. (If you haven’t read the latter, it is not necessary to do so first, to appreciate Rhys’ work; however, if you do read it first, and Wide Sargasso Sea afterwards, inevitably, I think, you will gain a richer, deeper appreciation of just how clever and powerful Rhys is in this novella and will see it as a sort of dialogue across the centuries between two brilliant novelists from two vastly different childhoods and life experiences.)
Who decides what is ugly and what is beautiful?
Team wise and aside from the keeper issue Kenny appears to have few problems particularly as Agger and Johnson returned from injury on Tuesday. Maxi, after his two goals on Tuesday, should be in contention however I suspect he was bought so other players could rest? Elsewhere apparently JW Henry is unavailable he’s gone to Boston to watch the rounders, a prior engagement or a statement about where the FA Cup lies in his priorities?
But really, adults are cool too. Just not as cool as little people. Or as good-looking as that hunk in the photo.
Jens, it doesn't amaze me at all. As you wrote Alison Bard Burnett and Wolfgang Hampel are born humorists. I heard many more Alison Bard Burnett interviews by Wolfgang Hampel will be published in the future. Come on, please. Do it! This couple is so funny. I can listen to them a million times without getting tired. Pure Bard and Hampel magic.
It’s day 4 of 2012, this funny first week when we all reappear from the Christmas break, still trying to remember what we did before the Christmas madness hit us all and getting ready for the new year in front of us. We all have made some sort of resolutions – be it not to eat another biscuit, have another glass of wine or to finally tidy up and declutter the house. Some resolutions will survive the storm of daily life, others will quietly disappear without any acknowledgement from us that they ever existed.
and the warm breath of an ox and an ass;
She stares at me, then backs away, shaking her head.
It took a few nights to complete, but it was worth it (as long as it doesn't get destroyed by the rain!)
She was referring to two laws: one that would legalize the marriage of girls starting from the age of 14 and the other that permits a husband to have sex with his dead wife within the six hours following her death.
My apologies for seeming dismissive, but Greenwich Park was the playground of choice for us with our wee son, and amidst a most historical surrounding indeed.
Really it was an easy decision -- the nice boy was cute as well as nice, and I really liked him -- but being a student of drama and completely sophomoric**, I had to drag it out. My girlfriends and I compiled a list of pros and cons for each boy.
Economic initiative of the Week
Anyway...eventually my wife picked me up, I found my sunglasses and we went to the mall blah blah blah bought shoes, had lunch, wanted to explain to all service staff I encountered that yes indeed I was aware that I was wearing sunglasses inside the building (necessary mistake #2) but felt too awkward blah blah....
Maybe I should rethink saying that part because I, being a good Anglo-catholic, really have no problem with Transubstantiation in the true, philosophical sense. I do believe the philosophical substance of the bread and wine is the Body and Blood of Christ. I keep reserve Sacrament or consume it because it has become sacred. I don't just take the "used" wafers home and put peanut butter on them for a tasty after church snack. Whether people have faith or not when receiving Communion to me is somewhat irrelevant to the effectiveness of the Sacrament.
Hubby even engraved it to say “princess ring.” What a smart guy I have! I guess I will keep him.
One of the most influential black radicals of his era, Manning Marable was both activist and academic, playing leadership roles in several Marxist organizations and authoring numerous books and articles, including a soon to be released biography of Malcolm X .
Attending the PGA show with Mac & Brendan. Brendan is coming down from Isle of Palms, SC.
Today the Rothschild’s control a far-flung financial empire, which includes majority stakes in nearly all the world’s central banks. The Edmond de Rothschild clan owns the Banque Privee SA in Lugano, Switzerland and the Rothschild Bank AG of Zurich. The family of Jacob Lord Rothschild owns the powerful Rothschild Italia in Milan. They are members of the exclusive Club of the Isles, which provides capital for George Soros’ Quantum Fund NV. Quantum made a killing in 1998-1999 destroying the currencies of Thailand, Indonesia and Russia. Soros was a major shareholder in George W. Bush’s Harken Energy.
Instead he kissed her. There was no fireworks. But bombs going off. Big explosions in the distant and a faint, but unmistakable smell of dynamite. Imagined body parts getting torn into fragments.
find the axe growing
If you’ve been held up in cyberspace and miss your chosen event, you can return later… next week even… and still find it happening in all its glory.
Examine
8:00-9:00 PM 90210 (repeat)
It was decided quite early on that as the bathroom is tiny, like really really tiny, we would rather have a shower in there to replace the bath and also gain a bit of room. We gained a little bit of room, not alot as we also went for a bigger vanity...haha....it is a small bathroom but it had to be sorted and maybe at a later date it might get added on to. The girls are happy with it and if the girls are happy then we are happy :)
Survey Sez: Carriers Ramp Network-Planning Spending: Telecom operators worldwide spent $488 million on network p… bit.ly/Iwj7GQ
And instead of being stupidly hopeful right now, I’m legitimately hopeless. I don’t think he’ll contact me again. I think this will be the exact same situation as what happened with JJ and since I’ve quit the initiating, it’ll fade in to nothing. It’s just disappointing when I’ve been interested in both people and Magnum actually seemed interested in me too, but apparently not.
Want a Game?
Blue Scholar Blog: How has the community responded to occupy Virginia Beach?
Skirt:
By this, of course, I mean your fantasy world. Do you draw maps? Come up with ridiculous place names? Or do you loosely base locations off of the real world?
When its done,switch off and cool down.
JSB–…the old wisdom derived from Nature?
I take back my last post, and only wish that I would have taken a before picture of the "nursery". We took the kids to Braelyn's gymnastics, then swimming, and then dinner. It was a rather late night for the kids, but I wasn't too shocked since we've done the same thing in the past. What I was a little shocked about is that Justus (some of our best friends) was father of the year and brought his 3 kids swimming and to dinner with us and let Kyrsten have a night off. Honestly, the entire time I kept thinking (and was very vocal) "I cannot believe you wouldn't let me have a night off and bring the kids yourself Mike. Seriously, I'm the third wheel, extremely pregnant, and sitting on the side of the pool watching." Anyway, we finished dinner around 8:15 and came home. Because we have Braelyn's birthday party first thing tomorrow I rushed her upstairs to get her to bed, which turned out better than what Mike had planned. As I was walking down the hall I kept thinking that I smelled paint, and then I stopped right outside of the "nursery". I saw a flash (camera), but that wasn't even the part that surprised me. I saw the dresser sitting there, which confused me since Mike took all of the furniture to a lady to have painted (or so I thought.) Apparently something that I have known for a long time just became more real. I have the best friends ever! 12 of my best friends, and husbands all came up with the idea to decorate my entire nursery. They know me all too well. They know that I 1. Have no skills with anything decor, and 2. That I have been very stressed out about my "crunch" time and how I feel like it's never going to get done.
In high school I began making (and selling!) things I made out of herbs & oils. (Lip balms, lotions, teas, natural body sprays, etc... In college, my best friend & I sold more of the same things & expanded into pillows & clothing. SO... the reason you see lots of botanical artwork & nature-inspired spaces in my work is because it's something I'm really passionate about & it comes out, especially in my personal spaces & textile line.
Here we are sipping our tea. I'm in the background taking it all in. It was almost surreal. The teas we tried were Orange Jasmine, Vanilla Bean, Wild Blackberries and Wild Blossoms and Berries. This is the married side of the room. We didn't realize it until we were seated for about an hour that all the singles were on one side and the married all together. We also realized that the singles are all size 0 and 2. Bless their hearts.
When you are in a big suburb of cities it's easy to loose your city identity and not overlap friends. We really wanted to be apart of a community, let me tell you this new community is all about city pride and good ole fashioned Texas sports. That is exciting for us.
Ask and it will be given to you;
“Tornado reports are already coming in,” says the National Weather Service forecast offices.
To President-elect Francois Hollande, I wish you success. After all, Stéphane and I hope to live (and pay taxes) in Paris for four more years. It's our home, even if we are outsiders.
06- intervista 3.01
Near Death Experience
You can read more about EB athttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epidermolysis_bullosa His form of EB is Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa (DEB) Online support groups are available!
The snow slopes are rich with footprints and the calls of children - some happy and some not so happy. Chilled feet and sausage fingers are par for the course. The sun refuses to shine, and relief is found in hot fruit juice and chocolate. And then a little bit more chocolate.
The love triangle really got me thinking about Juliette/Adam/Warner from Shatter Me. It's the same concept really. Cole (Warner) continuously tempts Nikki (Juliette) to join him for the better life. The eternal life as the queen. Jack (Adam) is her salvation. He's the one she keeps in mind, the one she always thinks about, and the one she wants to be with. Admittedly, I really liked Warner's character in Shatter Me, and I do like Cole, but he's the serpent in the Garden of Eden. Mostly, I want to jab him with fire and yell for him to 'LEAVE THEM ALONE.' Yet, at the same time, I looked forward to the scenes he'd randomly pop in and attempt to convince Nikki to be his soul-sucking queen.
Dance: Rumba
Whilst the French (and in fact most of the advanced democratic nations) have recognised that a citizen is a citizen no matter where they live, the authorities in our country continue to ignore the rights of overseas Malaysians. Not all Malaysians are equal.
Triumph! Success! And, as if this weren't enough, Bisou--whose training I'd decided to postpone until I had Wolfie in hand--put herself in boot camp on her own. I noticed that, when I would give the down-stay commands to Wolfie, she--who had never gone down unless enticed with a treat--would get a serious look on her face and lie down like a little statue until I released them both. Now, when the guys in boots come tromping through, she holds her stays like a champ. And she has done this while getting as much petting as ever--I cannot keep my hands from this dog--and without having to wait at the door until she makes eye contact, because she always makes eye contact. But then, she is a Cavalier.
in the areas that they explore." While this may simply be an
There is debate though as to whether Perry’s movies are truly spreading Christianity correctly. The central character Madea doesn’t truly represent a Christian way of living with her constant court appearance for her actions, harsh language (void of swearing), viewpoints on how to handle situations and apparent dislike for church even though she thinks others should attend. Madea though is the central character that holds the extended family together in times of crisis. It is the supporting cast that brings the need for Christ into the stories of despair in Perry’s movies. Perry is not afraid to mix the realities of our current culture, family dynamics and God into his movies and this is where I think many Christians find offense.
Grilled Asparagus
Different companions provide different bonuses to crew skills. Tables below show only the skills relevant to the class - the omitted skills don't have any bonuses anyway.
So when I said that communists have murdered 100,000,000 people in the last century by starving, executing, or freezing them to death in gulags, that doesn’t actually count, but when an African kid dies of malaria because angsty urban American liberals got DDT banned to protect bird’s eggs, that’s the fault of capitalism… Gotcha.
727 ***D-VI/12/1976. “The Poet as Outcast; Ishmael and Moby Dick.” Basic Program Graduation, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 142-49, 433-36 (1983).)
I've had so much fun working with all the greens on these St. Patrick day cards (for those that don't know, it is my favorite colour and pairing it with kraft makes it even more fun). Makes my heart sing -- and be glad it is just my heart that's singing, otherwise it would be a sad, sad, situation LOL! Yes, tin buckets and I get along very well thank you ;)
Griffith also said the two often spoke by phone. "Our last conversation was a few days ago. We would talk about our health, how much we missed our friends who passed before us and usually about something funny. I am happy to say that as we found ourselves in our 80s, we were not afraid to say, 'I love you.' That was the last thing
7. Mat with black cardstock.
However from an entertainment point of view, it isn’t a bad choice for a summer afternoon. The movie has a breakneck pace that keeps it from being boring at any given time. Like all Pixar films, it is a work of outstanding visual achievement – the details of the world are absolutely amazing, and often clever. Keep an eye out for a number of Pixar in-jokes, from director John Lasseter’s name appearing in a clever way on the London speedway track to the name of a movie at the local Radiator Springs drive-in resembling that of a Pixar classic. There are also nice little cultural references, such as Sig Hansen of “Deadliest Catch” fame voicing a Cars-world version of the F.V. Northwestern, the vessel that Sig captains both on the show and in real life.
The animation is magnificent, motion capture seems to be taking baffling strides with each new instance. In this film, the textures are so realistic I frequently found myself forgetting it was animated at all. One scene, in which Thomson (Nick Frost) and Thompson (Simon Pegg) are chasing a pickpocket (Toby Jones), almost looked like a live-action film with only cartoon heads superimposed on the actors. I believe in the value of motion capture animation, and its because of films like The Adventures of Tintin that I do; Spielberg avoids the uncanny valley by replicating the exaggerated human features of Herge’s original drawings, but is able to combine realism and fantasy seamlessly by using a uniform aesthetic which I believe to be more effective than a combination of live-action and CGI. Spielberg deftly captures the sense of adventure and excitement of the original Tintin comics, and at the same time just happens to create a film closer in tone to the original Indiana Jones films than the last Indiana Jones film. Exotic locations, daring tales of adventure, and daunting predicaments are all part of Herge’s plotting and Spielberg hasn’t lost any of it in translation. This is what Spielberg does best; Raiders of the Lost Ark is a tribute to action/adventure serials of the 30s and 40s, films that contained the same sort of spirit as Herge’s books. Spielberg knows how to craft adventure and here is a film that feels exactly like Herge’s comics. There are amazing set-pieces throughout The Adventures of Tintin; chases, plane crashes, all sorts and they’re brilliantly choreographed. One scene in particular, a chase through crowded Middle Eastern streets is just a positively thrilling action sequence, one of the film’s many moments that had me genuinely panicked.
It's been a while since I made a journal page just for me so I was happy to have found some time this week to be able to indulge a bit. The background for this one I actually did a while back so it was all ready to go. The rest just fell into place really. The image was tucked into the back of my journal as, at the time I had no idea where I would take it but for this page it seemed to fit right in and what's more it must have been calling out to me because it's actually a photo of my late Grandmother when she was a young girl and today - 4th May would have been her birthday.
What’s not to like? They are mini cakes!!
Would love to start a conversation on pros and cons of this kind of detox or hear anyone else’s detox experiences before I try this!
As the drawing came together little by little, I was very happy with the scene unfolding before my eyes and hands. The somewhat sad, innocent eyes staring out from under the raccoon’s characteristic little bandit mask can make your heart melt and cause you to forget that he may someday grow up to be a nuisance. Additionally, I started to feel as though I could imagine how soft and fluffy his baby fur would be if I could reach into the picture and stroke my hand down his head or under his chin. Finally, I was very happy with the bark texture of the tree trunks framing the raccoon’s face on each side.
For those late into the game, the plan is ingenious – but very bad for EU taxpayers. Basically, if the banks agree to strict new eurobanking rules, higher minimal capital defences, (and importantly, call off the markets) the eurozone authorities will forgive ClubMed debt, and pay the banks back in lieu.
Tying to determine if fictional blogging was a new sensation or if I was just behind, I googled it. What I found mostly supported the later, though the majority of fictional blogs, it would seem, are fans by fans engaging in a sort of roleplay. However, it's also becoming more common for TV-shows to create them
NaturalNews exposes secret vaccine industry ties and military involvement with Institute of Medicine, reveals fatal conflicts of interest at IoM
According to Christian beliefs, the leader of this alleged rebellion and of the fallen angels is the devil, the beast, son of perdition, Lucifer, Satan or even Beelzebub, dependent on the dogma. When we examine the Book of Enoch, however, we find that the leader of the fallen angels and the one who approaches Enoch to speak to God on their behalf was named Azazel… NOT Lucifer, Satan or “the devil” as we have been indoctrinated into believing. Why is this relevant to the article’s subject matter? The Book of Enoch was rejected when the Bible was being compiled, as were numerous other texts, and remained hidden and unable to interfere with the religious doctrine they ruthlessly enforced for many centuries. With the advent of the printing press, much of this hidden knowledge was shared with the general public for the first time, not to mention playing a key role in the success of Luther’s and Calvin’s Reformation. If it is readily apparent that the church has kept texts and knowledge that provide an expanded view of “reality” from our past, it stands to reason that its agenda would include jealously defending its version of the end times against other prophecies or predictions.
Foolish clients can't see through the subterfuge. They can't recognize that most agencies are lost at sea -- spouting cliches and trying to stampede them by frightening them.
TRUE CRIME MAGAZINE in 1936
ePacket affords peace of mind for small packages and is much less fraught with risk of non-arrival or loss as normal airmail.
Sophie comes into the diner and is excited about the party Max is gonna throw Caroline, but Max is visibly stressed about it. Sophie also lets slip that she saw Caroline make out with Edwin. When Max tells Caroline she knows, Caroline thinks Oleg told her so she tells everyone Sophie slept with Oleg. Earl accidentally tells Caroline about the party and Max tells Caroline that Han told her about her birthday. Caroline says she doesn’t want to celebrate her birthday this year. Only the employees, Sophie, and Edwin are at the party and it’s pretty sad/pathetic. It’s so pathetic that Max didn’t even get a cake and they have to drink Capri Suns. Edwin gives a speech and says he thinks he’ll be seeing a lot more of Caroline, which causes her to ask Max to get rid of him. Caroline tells her she doesn’t like one-night stands, but she hadn’t had sex in a year. Over at the apartment, Max asks Caroline how the sex was with Edwin. She says it was good, except for the almost-choking thing. Max tells her she got rid of Edwin by telling him to hit the pike and Caroline thanks her. Caroline tells Max the only thing she wanted for her birthday was to see her dad in jail. We then see Max and Caroline on a bus to prison.
I am still quite a bit off, healthwise. Still, with a project I can dig into, I seemed to have done well. I figured the engine was still lit, there is just something... about new things, large amounts of decision making and sorting, that just shuts down my machine. I can drill through rock, metal, whatever, but when I hit muck that's it. I get lost in the shadows of the past, the potential of the future, the vast vagueness of the universe itself if I don't have something solid to work with.
Back in January, Heidi and Seal announced that they would be getting divorced after 6 years of marriage. They never discussed what caused the split and signed non-disclosure contracts so any dirty details will stay between them. But Heidi didn’t stay on the market for long.
The code in the Wilton windmill ‘sails’ looks a little like binary code but it reminds me more of either a computer disk image or, even older, the workings of a Swiss music box. I remember listening to a Victorian pianola in a resort hotel as a child. Its workings fascinated me. By inserting a large metal disk precision cut with a specific series of holes, slurs, slits and bumps, it operated like the miniature musical box but on ‘carnie’ carnival scale. The pianola took up a whole corner of the room. Like a jukebox it blared out its music hall rhythm the minute the ‘reading’ needle hit the disk. I seem to remember the music played a lot longer than current pop three-minute renditions… but memory sometimes tricks. The Wilton windmill formation looks a lot like a pianola disk, 300 feet across!
L'addition
NOT ALL THE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY IS UNDER THE BONNET.
This excellent micro-roaster’s first café serves flights of rare coffees, as well as wines selected by former Herbfarm sommelier Tysan Dutta.
A full-scale war between Sudan and South Sudan is looking increasingly likely. We ask can the two Sudans find peace? Joining Folly Bah Thibault are guests: Safwat Fanos, Douglas Johnson, Samsom Wassara.
Sorry if you're south of the equator - but you've had it summer for long enough. Let someone else have a go.
billows out
Modern Boy, the informant, comes to tattle on his brother for taking a toy from him. It’s a toy that Modern Boy has cast aside and long forgotten, but now that his little brother has an interest in it, it is the coolest thing on Earth, bar none. He simply must have it, and he’s throwing a full on fit for not getting it. I gesture at him to be quiet and go away, also gesturing a reminder that mommy is on the phone.
Some of my favourite flavours together, the monkfish was tender and full of flavour and perfectly complimented by the smokey chorizo oil that coated the butter beans.
Again, according to Collider, it’s “on schedule to finish up shoots in Northern California, having wrapped in Southern California and on stages.”
I wish to thank the NaturalNews Facebook fans who conducted much of this research to help us find the truth behind the Institute of Medicine (www.Facebook.com/HealthRanger)
Gregory Bridgerton is the last to get married. He wouldn’t until he finds the one. He knows that he will know her immediately and that woman is Hermione Watson. But true love was going to be difficult. Hermione had her sites on another and then another.
Friday we left Minnesota bright and early at 5:00 am. I had a small bowl of Kashi Autumn Wheat with banana and almond milk before the car ride and we stopped for breakfast around 9:00. My family ate at McDonalds, but I munched on a Luna bar and apple that I packed, and walked over to a Kwik Trip to snag some berries and coffee. Nick and I went out to a yummy little wrap place for lunch and I got a veggie hummus wrap that was absolutely tasty. The rest of the day was spent at the Botanical Gardens, getting ice cream (mint chocolate chip!), watching The Roommate (I do not recommend this one, hah) and going to the Brewers' Game (lots of fun even though they lost)! Definitely a fun fun Friday ;)
Undone is in a different venue this month!
I just laughed. I was so glad that she was doing ok. Now she tells me she wished she lost the other front tooth also so she could have an even goofier smile. Gotta love kids.
Yet louder, higher, stronger, bard! yet farther, wider cleave!
The day of a complication free body will come in Heaven when Grady meets his heavenily father someday, where Down Syndrome won’t be gone but his body will be free of any impediments. There his Speech will allow him to sing a sweet song and he will sit at the feet of Jesus and in the clearest voice, giving Thanks and Praise. Melodic faithfulness.
Since seeing Brian’s post about asking students this question, I’ve been thinking about how my students might answer. In one section of Honors Physics, we’re just wrapping up a second look at momentum and energy transfer (mainly using problems that involve a transition between using both in the same analysis). My Honors kids have written answers on scraps of paper to questions from my “Internet friends” before, so they were ready for another round (they also enjoy signing their responses with their classmates names and the reading of the answers that I do when they’ve all been collected—the voices in the class are pretty unique, so they usually know who has written which response anyway).
I never thought I would say that I enjoyed working out but I do enjoy bootcamp. I think it's because we change up what we do so much and I don't even have to think.....just do. If I leave my workout up to me, I usually end up giving up early or half assing everything. Not good.
What you have now is not your true reality, but one you have created over millennia of time since you dropped down from the higher dimensions. Not a single soul was forced to do so, and each and every one of you freely volunteered for the experience. You did so with complete faith knowing that however much you strayed from the Light, there would be a time when you would be called back and helped to do so. That time is of course now, and in a short time you will know for certainty that you are firmly on the path to Ascension, and that nothing can stand in its way or delay it. Can you not sense the difference already in the energies around you, as they have become more of the Light and so uplifting. Those of fear have been subdued, and when you obtain confirmation of the extent of the arrests and resignations of the dark Ones, that will also help you to live more peacefully.
Reliever Carlos Diaz wore the No. 27 for the Dodgers from 1984-86. The stats say he had a decent year for the Dodgers in 1985, but I don't remember him doing anything but giving up hits, probably because I held a grudge that the Dodgers dealt Sid Fernandez to the Mets in a deal for Diaz.
These aprons were sewn as Christmas gifts for a friend's two little ones. I tucked themed crayons, colored pencils and stickers into the pockets - Disney's Cars for the little guy and Disney Princesses for the little gal. The toddlers loved their new aprons so much that after they each drew me a thank you picture they proceeded to wear the aprons for the rest of the day.
Me: Well, you said that pretty fast.
If you want to attempt to re-create Vietnamese-style crawfish at home, I recommend you invest in a turkey fryer. Crawfish are best cooked outdoors since they can get quite messy. Here is a copycat recipe for the crawfish and garlic butter sauce, if you have never tried crawfish this way, I highly recommend it. So when you visit Houston, Texas, be sure to sample some of our amazing restaurants and put Vietnamese-style crawfish at the top of your list.
My life is a hundred times better now. I'm no longer spending a minimum of 70 minutes per day traveling in the car. That's 350 minutes a week, which gives me almost 6 hours a week--24 hours a month--of "Linda time." And because I no longer have to get up at 6:15 a.m. to start the lengthy beautification process to make myself presentable to the world, I don't have to go to bed so damn early. I gain time there as well.
The IPKat also points out that this is an example of how procedure and "hard law" come together to influence the outcome of a case. Without strong discovery, MGM would have been in a far weaker position when it came to proving that Grokster's intention was to induce infringement.
1600 airfare for the parents over to EE
When I stood, he withdrew with a windy swoosh and I stood face to face with a dark, stygian gulf. Black glass rained down inside the opening, and Cloak stepped forward examining the opening with a nervous musing. The closest thing he might have ever come to laughing. The mechanical frenzy deep below the earth erupted with a furious howl.
I live for Jesus Christ day by day, I live for Jesus Christ come what may. The Holy Spirit I will obey by the grace of God upon my live. I live for Jesus Christ day after day! Amen!
Here’s John, seriously looking at some birds …
Itching that occurs all over the body may indicate a medical condition such as diabetes mellitus, liver disease, kidney failure, jaundice, thyroid disorders, and rarely, cancer. Blood disorders such as leukemia, and lymphatic conditions such as Hodgkin’s disease may sometimes cause itching as well.
Mommy doesn’t know that I killed Sinbad.
Lilly: Come on Roy. You can't kid me. You got so much more on the ball than i ever did, an you know what it does to a person...
O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay! On Friday, the long-anticipated event finally arrived. An occasion so dazzling that the streets leading to the swanky Taj Palace venue were decked in banners, the tickets for the 950 participants cost US$1,200 (I had somehow sneaked in free under the auspices of an amiably evil industrial lobby group, who seemed to believe I belonged to an unspecified embassy), and Manmohan Singh himself was turning up for the opening… Yes: the 7th Asia Gas Partnership Summit!!!!!
(The eighth in her horrifying 'End of Everything' series.)
than stood
Mr. Bergman was born on Nov. 29, 1939, in Cleveland, one of two children of Oscar and Rita Bergman. His parents hosted a radio show in Cleveland when he was growing up, “Breakfast With the Bergmans.” His father also worked as a reporter for The Plain Dealer.
*F.Y.PrepardnessI.: When I went to the commissary on Saturday, this is what was gone or going fast: Peanut Butter was going fast. (And I cleaned out the last of the Nutella.) Paper Products--the shelves were empty. Batteries--all gone. Bottled Water and Charcoal--they brought some more out from the back while I was there and it immediately disappeared. Candles --I don't know what kind of candle selection they usually have, but I couldn't find any. (Doug said the "Book Mart"--which just re-opened today--was selling them, but only allowed two per family.) The diaper selection was getting pretty picked over and I imagine the formula was all gone. Not many people were buying cold stuff (since it was sitting there warming up) but the bread shelves were bare.
Pakistan borders China and former constituent parts of the Soviet Union in which the US now has military bases on Russia’s borders. US war upon and occupation of Pakistan is likely to awaken the somnolent Russians and Chinese. As both possess nuclear ICBMs, the outcome of the military/security complex’s greed for profits and the neoconservatives’ greed for empire could be the extinction of life on earth.
Location: Critter Country, by Splash Mountain
Stamford House was designed by architect Raj Bidwell in the Venetian Renaissance architectural style and was built by Regent Alfred John Bidwell in 1904. Mr Seth Paul’s retail firm Whiteaway Laidlaw & Co operated their business there till 1910 when the building was then known as Oranje Building.
2 offspring
This case study, of buildings viewed in sequence, of views opening up revealing surprise and delight was highly influential to the founders of the townscape movement such as Gorden Cullen, Pevsner and Gibbard.
Mix the first 3 ingredients. Take a small portion, just enough to wrap around a Rolo candy. Shape into a ball. Bake at 350 degrees on greased cookie sheet for approximately 7-9 minutes. Dust with powdered sugar (optional).
1 c confectioners sugar
face our nations
to play
While fries are baking. Mix together guacamole, lemon juice, mayonnaise, and cilantro. Serve alongside spicy sweet potato fries.
Great Lakes Blackout Stout – OH – 9.0% ABV
The love story----Oh. My. Gosh. I felt as if my heart was going to break in almost every chapter. Can I please have Will to myself? Please please please?! That would be the best present ever. I think I love him--no, I know I love him.
At the end of it I was back to something I have thought before - how does it come about that I can do something that much fun with all those men (and some women), and not catch anything or get pregnant or arrested? You don't even have to fancy them; they can be any age or appearance, everyone goes home afterwards, and it's all cool. It all seems so simple.
I am hoping though that the weather fines up as I have a fence to paint today. We got a new back fence put in early in the week and as the posts are untreated needs to be painted quick smart (photos soon).
Pearl Jam Black US
Utopia – Capitalism with Socialist Caps on Personal Wealth – US$20 Million
It’s probably all flat pack home assembly, shopping for new beds and sofas, and two weeks in the Costa fuckin' Del Sol?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
My reply is this: that's the first revision. Then you see it's a huge sentence. What ELSE can you take out without ruining the rhythm?
And You And I
Trail mix
Strange man arrives (sort of) unexpectedly, cue a meltdown and D very agitated. Fortunately he wasn’t here long.
Today there is a brand new challenge at the blog of Artjourney. I had so much fun in the last challenge that I want to enter in this challenge again. Allthough I didn't win the challenge..my tag was shown and mentioned in the winners post. I'm so proud of that and thank them for it!
Hope you're enjoying the nursery posts! I find myself walking in the room all the time, loving how it's turning out. More to come still :)
I'll work some more on it tomorrow and see how I feel about it.
The recent ruling by the CJEU in Luksan raises questions as to the conformity of French legislative provisions governing author-producer and performer-producer relationships in the context of movies and other audiovisual works.
I saw plainly that God had delivered me from a prison I did not know I was in. I am completely sure given the amount of control she had over me that if I had stayed with her she would have eventually convinced me that I needed to kill myself. And I would have done it unless God intervened.
Should a publisher ever pay for shelf space in a bookstore, even if the publisher is the author?
I'll post about my progress on Saturdays and will post a healthy recipe each week and any other random posts that come along. If you need more healthy meal ideas to help you along, check out my labels on my sidebar (or click on these links): breakfasts, side dishes, dinners, snacks and desserts.
Combine flour, yeast, sugar and salt in a mixing bowl.
I'm excited to know there are other writers who have attached to this habit of writing a slice each week. It's a powerful habit. It might seem like it's not much -- writing a few words each week. But look back over the course of a few weeks and we find it is significant.
In dreams,
Thus, you will find my discussion about subject matter for a novelist inconclusive. I will not resort to clichés about writing what you know, since intuition often trumps experience. Having written what many have cited as the most realistic and accurate divorce novel in recent memory, The War of the Roses, the point is made. I have never been divorced and am happily married to the same lady since I was barely out of adolescence. But whatever the subject be sure to choose wisely before too much effort is expanded on the work.
But Monsieur Pascal knew that in the ancient world – and many periods since – a strong nose showed strength of character. If her nose had been weaker, maybe her character would have been weaker, too. Maybe her strong nose was one of the things that attracted Julius Caesar and Mark Anthony, two of the most powerful men in the world, to fall in love with her and marry her.
My worst legal transgression is my habit of driving 5-7 mph over the speed limit.
You know those addictions that you have that you just can’t shake? I’m not talking crack or heroine or alcohol or anything like that. I’m talking first-world-country, time-wasting, yet somehow so enthralling addictions?
What they should have said is 'We cant afford to have the main oil, and world power supply in the the hands of extremists, so we will doctor up some excuse of weapons of mass destruction to take it".
Across the city, life in 2010 became deadlier for blacks and safer for whites: the white homicide victims decreased 27 percent. The number of black people murdered rose 31 percent, to 357 from 272.
May we give thanks in all things, being reminded that we are not entitled to anything on this earth. And in so doing, may we grow in humility. May your act of thanksgiving the next few days be an act of worship. And may it saturate every area and every day of your life.
During the 20th century, more successful campaigns helped bring a central library to Grand Army Plaza, and secured the demolition of the elevated train (“The Black Spider”) that rattled noisily up Fulton Street, darkening the main shopping boulevard.
2. You must comment on every blog in the hop
So depending on the individual, their Religious Movies in their minds can be uplifting and lovely; or a nightmare horror. And everything in between.
I come in gratitude for the richness, the diversity, the great abundance of unique souls in this world. Thank you for the very complexity that distinguishes each one of us. May all people find those who will love and accept them, will value their distinctive beauty and spirits. May we each feel the presence of your transcending mystery, may we know that we are part of a process of life that is rooted in divine, emanating love, and may we feel the comfort of knowing that every one of us is cherished by God.
But I feel so close to everything that we lost
Oh, and I found what the strange Sunflower is called. It's 'Sunspot' and supposed to get 18" - 24" tall according to the packet.
We decide on a palate cleanser of Budvar to complete the night and as I sipped, I tried to nail just exactly what it is that makes these places feel so different to so many other pubs. It’s not just the beers, although that’s a ‘gimme’ and it’s not just the decorative touches or the night view of the surrounding suburbs from the windows – it’s something else again.
-Popovers
When JRD Skinner heard that an Anglerfish was terrorizing one of the norther colonies of Atlantis, he took his vorpal trident in hand (long time the manxome foe he sought) and finally, in the glow of bioluminescent rays, JRD Skinner sliced the beast’s spines and teeth off – thus making it as harmless as a goldfish.
whose touch caused fires just that morning.
They have 3 different levels - i'm of course only level 1 and doing it for 3 days
1. Harmatia
The basic reason motors work is because electricity and magnetism are one and the same thing - electromagnetism. This stuff gets mathematically complicated: if there's one area that the vast majority of other engineers I've known hated in school, or had a wicked hard time with, it was electromagnetics. I'll leave out the math, but just know that an electric field creates a magnetic field, and likewise, that magnetic field will create another electric field.
-I would have got to say to you in a final and formal way "Thank you for all you have done for me. Thank you for protecting me and taking care of me. Thank you for making me feel loved in the formative years when my life as a child was so unsteady. Thank you for being who you were which was cool and wild and adventurous at heart. Thank you for tickling my back those hot summer nights as a little girl. Thank you for taking me EVERYWHERE with you, including auto shops, motorcycle shops, back woods cafes and letting me stop at every gumball and candy machine on the way out. Thank you for the moments of falling asleep with my head in your lap on long drives and sitting on your lap while watching TV clear up until I was in 7th grade. Thank you for loving the girls the way you did. They have so many fond memories. You made the ordinary, extraordinary. Thank you for letting me know you had my back if I EVER needed you. Thank you for being the one true constant in my life since the day I was born. Thank you for taking care of me when you could have been off having fun, living your life. Thank for taking me in for good when I was in 6th grade. Thank you for allowing me to run into bed with you and grams in the middle of the night because I was scared, and it was often. Thank you for coming to my house at 3 in the morn if I got scared to look for the boogieman. Thank you for just ALWAYS being there when I needed you. That is so rare these days."
Writers: Wilson Collison (play), John Lee Mahin
In such an environment, it is hardly surprising that the politicized, pseudo-scientific consensus behind the wave theory of gravity has struggled to keep the public largely unaware of competing theories explaining fall-down. But such theories do, in fact, exist, even if they have been shunted out of sight (not least due to media coverage that never questions the underlying assumptions behind this flawed theory or devotes equal time to its critics). Methodist preacher Alexander Wilford Hall proposed an intriguing alternative to gravity called “substantialism.” The theory argues that “gravity” and all other forces are actually substances, composed of particles smaller than the atoms comprising normal objects. Other theorists have speculated that objects, both organic and inorganic, are all made up of the same set of conscious, sub-atomic cells, and that universal laws of attraction can be explained by these cells desperately seeking out their personal twin cell-mate in every other object.
this love…is wrong…
As far as the hummers, it is migration time again, when they go through here to their northern summer homes. The photo is pretty dark, but it was dusk and it's the best lighting I could manage.
Here at HaltCreative, we’ve signed up with Mailchimp to distribute our newsletters to both our artists and our customers. My first impression is that it’s an amazing service, with lots of useful features, incredible tracking and statistical information, and it’s very easy to use as well.
Tony Stark : Ok
all of us have become like unclean people,
As this card is relatively CAS with a fair bit of 'white space', I wanted a bit of interest in the card stock base itself so chose this one with a textured weave which fortunately is on both sides of the card. I say fortunately as I wanted it to show on the inside of the card too but whether or not you can actually see the texture is another thing of course. Mind you, I have had to get a new camera after the sad demise of my own before Christmas. I had borrowed my daughter's for the last couple of cards but couldn't really keep doing so. Hence the new camera & I don't know my way around it yet. The image you might recognise as being from Mo Manning (and I have actually used this at least 3 or 4 times before - but I like it! LOL) He is called 'Georgie Cartwheel' & I coloured him with Promarkers to match the single dp I have used on the front as well as the inside of the card. I cut myself a few circles of card to match the dp & layered them up - one of which features a circular 'hello' sentiment I acquired once from My Grafico.
This second layout i am entering in the current Scrapbook Awards competition so if you would like to vote for me to win then please click HERE and select the "vote for this design" - thank you
“This is so good it could make a vegetarian eat meat,” Chicky told my Dad. Mission accomplished.
I posted about mt eBay rocking chair mini makeover here previously. I decided to enhance it a little further with some subtle burgundy grain sack stripes.
If you are really needing the sugar fix, I’d like to suggest to you that you may be missing something and may want to consider this. One of the major things we find when testing people are sugar handling problems. It’s huge! That’s why Biotics and our other nutraceutical companies make products to deal with this modern phenomena. Biotics make Bio-Glycozyme Forte that can be used like a Multi Vitamin to help support your blood sugar…that’s what you are really looking for when you want the sugar is the lift you get…BUT remember it’s an artificial lift that drops you down again and then you are looking for the 3rd Mars bar of the day! BioGlycozyme will give you body the nutrients to stop this reaction. Email us if you would like to order this.
I eventually ended up running the 2010 Chicago Marathon and the 2011 Chicago Marathon as well – both for charities. I figured that if was going to run, I might as well run for a great cause, since I knew it drove and inspired me. I eventually ended up loving distance running, mainly because I’m able to run free and enjoy and appreciate the world around me, not to mention, God gave me the ability to do so, and I don’t want to take that for granted.
The president's prestige also affects him more immediately, because he often wants things directly from members of the public, whether votes for himself and his allies or private actions that further his policies (for example, union members' cooperation with Truman's seizure of the steel mills).
With the money I paid I expected good results and the Clarisonic delivered. which is good news for the website i got it from because if it didn’t…… I would have thrown a hissy fit until they gave me my money back. I saw great results even after just 1 week. My skin was softer, and smoother. I had a raised scar under the skin by the side of my eye and it had been there about 3 months and in the month that i’ve been using the Clarisonic its gotten much smaller and less noticeable. I still get a few pimples but I’m okay with that. The Clasrisonic can’t do it all but it definitely does more than the DermaNew. It cost more but it’s worth it.
Larher ships came for hostages.
Marv
Stephanie Christie / Mindnight - An Argument / 55
May 3rd through 5th
Oh Harlequin Romance man where are you?
Ride hard, have fun, be cool, be safe!
It needed a coat of something to harden it and create a better surface.
The features of the mountains were almost relentless; the hills were showing off every shade of green they could as rolling couds casted over their shadows on certain parts of the mountain. The clouds sachéd across the inexplicable blue sky in their whites and charcoals, making the sunshines rays that much more piercing as they fought their way through the looming clouds.
So, what’s it like being a published author? you ask. Has my life changed any since I published my book?
could be a the color on an image, a paper, ribbon, embellishment, anything! If
I was leveled. At once I recalled the faces of countless friends that I sat across a coffee shop table from, biting my tongue when I should have spoken up. I remembered the passive and indirect ways I tried to bring up things that I knew were destructive in their lives but I was to afraid to come right out and say. I even remembered the self-righteousness I felt when my predictions proved to be true and things went exactly as I knew they would, when I should have been feeling broken for my softness and passivity in not warning them.
Lime - 1/2
I walked her to the libary and she thanked me and hoped me a good day and future with my studies.
Because we are going to work on every aspect of your soul. Every life ever lived, every ‘you’ that has ever been, in every possible dimension. Which is rather extensive, when you think about it.
Not virtual things – like fancy and impossible to understand derivatives products, which are basically con jobs.
Or I could ask about your domestic bubble. Do you feel like you are in one? Are you happy in it or do you want to be released? I had a comment from a fellow wordpresser once who said that she knew what I meant about escaping the bubble but she found she was more comfortable in it.
which have led her to be on a hypo-allergenic diet.
I want to see her grow healthily and wealthily.
I knew that day I couldn't do,
“Its okay, honestly. These things happen,” I said with a fixed grin plastered all over my facehole, mentally plotting on how I was going to get my revenge on the little furry shitbag.
Happy writing
Your sons are now lying in our bosom
The Gujerati gentleman replied: Oh that’s nothing really. It’s a quiet place you know.
I don’t know about you, but that last sentence sounds rather creepy yet totally intriguing. I don’t think I’ve ever ordered a book online, but for something that is such a big seller, I think I just might. I need to know what all the rage is about right? I consider it research for my blog. Apparently I’m not the only one who thinks so. Mommy Bloggers are apparently spreading word of these books like rapid fire. The Toronto Star reports-http://www.thestar.com/news/books/article/1144739–erotic-novel-for-women-fifty-shades-of-grey-gets-u-s-publisher
Hair: Arbre-Pop Moton - Vive9
Such an approach would understand that the family, in its diverse forms and shapes, is the building block of society and that we all lose if we don’t find ways to help the family help its members, especially as Canada’s population ages. Such an approach would understand that parents are and must be responsible for raising their children and parental choice is crucial in a society as diverse as ours but also that choice is impossible for most of us absent key public infrastructure and that the best of families need help from time to time. This approach would understand that crime must be punished justly, that justice should be restorative but that we should not allow fear or anger to blind us to proportionality and to what works to make us safer. This approach would understand that pro-choice goes hand in hand with family planning and personal responsibility. And at its foundation it would understand that human dignity requires a commitment to both liberty and equality and that liberty can only truly be experienced within a healthy political community and society, that self and other, individual and community are inseparable. Such an approach would put human dignity at the centre because dignity itself is a social idea that draws its strength from the twin values of liberty and the inherent equality of all people.
(4) For example, “feet” is a frequent euphemism for sexual organs, as in the reference to the seraphs in Isaiah 6:2: “Each had six wings: with two he covered his face and with two he covered his feet and with two he flew.”
Loki escapes and brings his alien army to earth and all of the Avengers battle a whole army of aliens and sea monsters who can fly. Loki tries to hypnotise Iron Man but he can’t because Iron man has a robotic heart.
He called it the Happiest Place on Earth.
But don’t be deluded in thinking that money is abundance. It all begins within. Why do you think people like Donald trump who was millions in debt in the 90’s, turned it around to become the billionaire he is now?
To be clear; Franklin County Ohio Common Pleas Court Judge David Cain has succinctly stated that the Ohio legislature has the
The student council is now basically an actual government within the school and then most of the rest of the episode is spent setting up a school-fucking-festival because this show just had to work one in there and the highlight of it is Inori giving a performance because HURR SHE’S AN IDOL.
The Bear had gone to tie up two dwarves and I dodged my elf out to be clear to catch the ball..I dodge out with Mr. Hodgensworth, declaring a passing action:
Enter random inspiration and strangely having all ingredients on hand.
Among my favorite types of climbing parties is the new trad climber. Rarer than a 1933 Double Eagle (I’m writing this from a coin show here, folks) is the n00b trad climber. Almost every new climber gets into sport and bouldering; trad has been relegated to the realms of the hard-core alpinist and longtime (think 20+ years here) old-school climber…and their students. Like my climbing partner…and me.
"I don't know. I don't work there," she snapped.
Our final pumpkin outting was my favorite. The kids and I ventured out to Brunswick to hit up Mapleside Farms. It is truly a pumpkin and kid haven! There was a huge jumping pillow that Eleanor and I waited in a long line to jump on. When it was finally our turn she couldn't even jump and made me hold her AND try to jump! Needless to say the following pics, of me on the floor, were about the extent of our pillow jumping experience. The activities were endless at this farm: a huge slide which Mom and I did, a horse drawn carriage ride through the apple orchard, a little bouncy house for toddlers, a few corn mazes, a huge play ground, a pick-your-own-pumpkin pumpkin field, a wonderful little gift shop and the bakery. The bakery is what makes this farm my favorite. I'm not a huge fan of pie in general, least of all, fruit pies. But we all wanted pie and they were running short so dutch apple it was. Let me tell you, this was the best pie I've ever had in my entire life. I dreamed about this pie. I would do just about anything for this silly pie. I wish I had taken a picture of it, it was pretty and delicious. By the end we were all chilly, hungry and tired. So we ended the day at Cracker Barrell by the fire. Sounds like fall fantasy to me!
So I started brainstorming with the help of the Better Homes and Gardens Arrange-a-Room tool. I figured by starting there J wouldn't have to move the furniture around quite as much. Here's what the room was like when we started -
I just returned from a ‘fabulous’ six days in New York. It really is a special time at Christmas with all the lights and excitement…..more of my adventures in a later post. I just wanted to share with you a must-get book for Christmas gift giving. I have just placed an order for a dozen to have on hand for last minute gifts for all the fabulous girlfriends, guyfriends, relatives, and for all the fabulous people you haven’t met yet.
pour everything to you
She has nine dogs, all rescued animals, in addition to two children and a husband.
she was wheezing on the blood caught in her throat.
However, on one of my daughter's recent visits, she took me to a very large garden centre that I seldom get to, these days.
The mobile vibrated on the passenger seat with a two-word text. ‘All set.’ It was the signal.
1 cheerin'
So, taking all your fabulous suggestions into account, the peeps went over to the neighbors' house to talk to them. We hadn't heard a thing about Plymouth, no apology or anything. But, at least once since the Plymouth attack, their dogs had dug under the fence (which is almost 5 feet high and chain link) and were in OUR yard! Thank dog we were inside both times.
In the Apiary we are mowing the grasses short, cleaning the area of debris, and making sure there is nothing rotting to cause bad bacteria. The Aqua media (an amazing local product which is 100% natural and is made from transformed scallop shells is placed on the bottom boards to give great air filtration and eliminate any molds. Part of the Langpohl Beehive System incorporates these scallop shells in the ventilation system. The towers are now lowered to two supers per hive and most importantly, the bees seem happy. Happy Thanksgiving to all.
I used to do this a lot in university. I often had gaps of a few hours between classes and when I wasn't working on an assignment or reading in the public library I was people-watching. I used to sit in a chair in a public area of the local shopping centre and make up stories about the people walking past. Not like "that man is a student on his way to grab some lunch before a lecture" but things like "That man is an art student on his way to a studio where he's working on his latest piece. He dreams of being a painter but for now he's stuck working in an art supply shop at the weekends. He was picked on at school and channelled his frustration out on canvas. His parents didn't approve but in the end allowed him to do what makes him happy."
The other day I had lunch with my two favorite kids in the whole world. It was a great day - and there was pie. Chocolate meringue pie is a staple at all my favorite fried chicken buffets around here. We call it chocolate cream pie - but the topping isn't cream, its meringue. Having chocolate pie for lunch with my pals kinda gave me a taste for it. So I made some. Behold... The Best Chocolate Pie EVER...
For make-up, I also prefer to buy brands now. I remember the simple days when I'd just buy a 15-euro foundation at the drugstore. But now, I won't go for anything less than high-end brands. Foundations I have been using lately are from Clarins, Lancome, or Yves Saint Laurent. I did buy a drugstore foundation a while ago because I wanted to try it out, but I just don't trust it somehow.
The Renz Family
Today some of the Verve Divas are hopping and celebrating a new Easter set in the Verve Store! It's called Hoppy Easter and it is available now! It's an adorable little set that we hope you love as much as we do.
14. What do you like about your Mommy? (Daddy, sister, etc.)
Um, yeah- and 90% of all First Responders are equipped with smartphones ---with a direct link to You-tube.
Authors: Joel Smith and Joanna Silver (Herbert Smith LLP)
4 Tbsp. vegan margarine, cold
I haven't written this post because I just couldn't bring myself to do it. For the longest time, I blamed myself for failing in some way. Which is ridiculous but it still didn't keep me from feeling like a total loser. If you know me, you know I don't like to do anything half-assed and I don't like to fail. And all this felt like was a total FAIL.
One: I am a freak that always thinks I am pregnant. I know I am not the only one- several of my close friends share the same disorder (you know who you are). I have been tired and nauseous (hello last weekend was Thanksgiving) but most of all I could swear that I felt fetal movement! I know- freak! So that begs the question, is there such a thing as phantom fetal movement syndrome? You know, like when amputees still feel pain in the limb that was removed- its' all neurological so it should be feasible that I would still feel movement from my itty one who was essentially part of me for the better part of a year.... so I looked it up. Turns out- I didn't even coin my own term :) Lots of women have this and that is WEIRD! I am going to do more research, the doc in me what to know exactly why it happens and I will post when I know.
Catching up with dear old friends.
It was great to finally get to visit the Marble Brewery after hearing so many good things, greeted by a fresh glass of Dobber and a tour of their brewery, snuck away under an arch. Really humble guys making some great beers! Then it was off to the aptly named 'Marble Arch' for many more Marble Beers with The Ormskirk Baron & Aletalk.
Update 4/3 PM -- In the blizzard of details on the nuclear reactors, the most significant point might not be clear or may have disappeared in the blizzard -- that if normal cooling systems are restored for reactors 1-3, then whatever damage exists on the reactor #2 suppression torus or reactor #3 containment vessel suddenly becomes less dangerous. Once normal cooling systems for the reactor pressure vessels (which now contain the partially melted cores) are restored, then these pressure vessels will be cooled by circulating cool water, so that the heat, pressure and steam in those vessels would be reduced, in turn reducing or ending the need to vent radioactive steam, and reducing or ending the pressure that drives any leaks at #2 and #3.
The document projects that phenomenon in every rental building. (See Tower 2, on p. 13 of the PDF.) The market-rate units would still cost a bit more on a monthly basis, $2151 vs. $1861, but that’s because they’d be 500 square feet, as opposed to 400 square feet.
According to the BBC, Joerg Haider has been killed in a road "accident" and I believe them. Or rather I believe the bit about Haider being killed. Do I believe it was an accident? No.
It’s only been 3 days, but there’s marked improvement in the pain level. What would any stubborn runner do with that?
My first card is of course a Bella card! Stamping Bella being my first non-SU! stamp ever!!! I actually made this a set of 5 and am going to try selling them. I'm opening up a little booth at a antique mall in Lumberton and I'm hoping it does well....I guess we shall see soon enough!
and loving friends.
Earlier Panic Button entries have chronicled the beginnings of this campaign. For details see:
This month there will be more bursts of energy which will ‘kick the can down the road’. But the impetus will come from within yourselves. We continue to speak of this, and you continue to ask when someone else will do something to change things for you. We point to one of your own widespread wisdoms, “We are the ones we have been waiting for.” Yes, you are.
Vile stuff? Certainly. Should it be banned? Of course not! And not because it’s an incitement to violence, for we don’t see Jews around the world going on killing sprees in reaction to such cartoons. Only Muslims do that, and in response to cartoons far less provocative.
Recently, a lot of great thinking has happened around the idea that business – and by extension the economy – should return value, in addition to generating profit. For example, Mark Kramer and Michael Porter wrote a very interesting piece on creating shared value that was also discussed in this New York Times article, “First make money. Also, do good.” Nestle Corporation is one of a growing number of companies that see shared value as an evolved form of corporate social responsibility. Customer capitalism (which focuses on providing value to the customer before the shareholder) is described in the Harvard Business Review as the third stage in the evolution of capitalism. (Professional management and shareholder capitalism are the first two.) And Umair Haque’s book, the New Capitalist Manifesto, describes “thick or authentic value” as the subtraction of total or real cost from the price a product can demand.
Note: Receive these quotes as posted – click on “Follow” at lower right.
That is some of the things we have been working on around here in order to be more prepared for whatever should happen in life. What is going on in your life? Do you try to be prepared?
My head continued to reel. I began to envision someone else’s eyes inside my sockets. I started to feel nauseous and dizzy.
Dave was only 17, but now he was basically a single parent. And caregiver for a mentally ill mother. Not that I understood any of that at the time. It was just life, and mom was just mom, and while I knew things weren’t the way the were probably supposed to be, I guess you just kind of adjust your definition of “normal” after a while. When you’re 11, you don’t really have a lot of other options.
So, what to do about it?
Head brewer Ian Burns (pictured above with a bottle of the new beer) told us “Wojtek the bear was discovered as a cub in Iran by Polish troops as they travelled through the Middle East to join the allied forces. He is known to have drunk beer and enjoyed cigarettes with the soldiers. He was officially enlisted and given the rank of Corporal to allow him to travel to Italy where, at The Battle of Monte Cassino, he helped move artillery shells to assist the soldiers.”
Solitude is no longer just a dream. I know it’s real because I’m seeing it with my own eyes; and it’s breathtaking. I had so many doubts on my sea-voyage over here. So many unknowns. Just getting a glimpse of the suspended city from a distance, I know I made the right decision by coming to Skyrim. After a few more minutes of silently staring in awe, I finally return to my senses, and decide to get moving again so that I may stare at Solitude from within its walls.
In front of the house (top), the fusion impatiens have achieved shrub status, while the colocasia are attempting tree height.
The Prinsloo family's youngest daughter, Sharlien, 17, who was also in the house, was not hurt. Police spokesman Johannes Jaftha said the attackers had forced open the front door and immediately started shooting. Pastor Morné Mundey, a good friend of the Prinsloos, was quickly on the scene. "Sharlien's bedroom is on the ground floor. When she heard the shots, she called me immediately. When I arrived, a neighbour had already put Duncan on a drip. "Laetitia was lying motionless on the bed. We first thought she had had a heart attack. "Shortly afterwards, Duncan jnr started doing mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. Only when the paramedics lifted Laetitia off the bed did we realise she had been shot in the side and was already dead," Mundey said. On Thursday Laetitia Prinsloo jnr, 33, the Prinsloos' eldest child, was on the way to the hospital from Hoedspruit. http://www.news24.com/News24/South_Africa/News/0,,2-7-1442_2430234,00.html http://www.news24.com/Beeld/Suid-Afrika/0,,3-975_2430205,00.html
Phase 3 – drop the ‘e’ – it can be taken for granted.
I really love the look of simple cards. Plus I can get more of them done when they are simple to make... :)
Of course, the court can find Najib ‘innocent’. But given he was the main person behind the purchase, the chances are slimmer. Would a soldier or his general get a bribe of RM570 million to buy the subs? Would a soldier have the capability to sanction the purchase in the first place? The answers are clear and self-explanatory.
The children were interested in the way the seed split open for the plant to burst out. They thought it looked like a dragon throwing up.
Fashion designer, Stella McCartney has revealed the Olympic and Paralympic attire for team GB, taking a twist on the Union Jack flag as a point of inspiration for each outfit.
It's gorgeous and very steamy, with beautiful graphics
But if there's one thing I should've figured out by now, it's that the forecast here is never right. The forecast will change drastically throughout the day and still manage to be off. They predicted snow yesterday, but said there would be little to no new accumulation. I'd say there were a good 4 inches of snow piled up out there during the day and it was still snowing hard when we went to bed. The forecast (which, of course, may or may not be accurate) is also calling for another 2-4 inches of accumulation tonight. I'm hoping that the chance of rain and above freezing temperatures predicted for later in the week don't pan out. I'd really like to spend Christmas day building a snowman and sledding.
Tomorrow, after 3 weeks of sitting in my cubicle, I will go back to the forest. Getting there is always a process. A long, drawn out, stressful process. Field work is not all fun time in the woods. There is constant planning and preparation and perseverance even when things suck and you want to go home really bad. But if you can get through that, there are rewards.
I actually have two! The first and last teachers in my schooling; my Kindergarten teacher, Mrs. Andrews, and my senior year teacher at the vo-tech school, Mrs. Musselman. Mrs. Andrews was everything a Kindergarten teacher should be! Kind, fun, and loving. I remember her husband used to come visit the school, and we thought he was the coolest thing ever! You see, Mr. Andrews competed in Mr. America competitions and was the largest man we had ever seen!
Miss Rumphius has always been a favorite. Although it always bothered me that she never married and the only jobs she held was a librarian and school teacher. Traveling the world certainly is a bonus.
Today Doctor 3 needed to discuss many things with Doctor 4. After visiting Doctor 4 at least three times during the consultation, Doctor 4 eventually joined us. He had a lovely Irish (?) accent so I liked him immediately.* Doctor 4 didn’t think surgery would improve things very much but decided that it needed further investigation. Both Doctor 3 and Doctor 4 seemed perplexed by the treatment so far but cast no dispersions upon the good character of Doctors 1, 2 or 2.5.
This is Liam's car. It's a convertible complete with spoiler and flames. These cars completely represent the personalities of my twins. This car is SOOOOO Liam. Mind you, he did the spray paint, chose all the cut files, ran the gypsy while I loaded and manned the cricut, applied all the decals himself...he worked very hard.
Vodka and the labels peel off so they can double
I keep finding good reasons not to vote for Ken Livingstone, I've yet to find one to push me the other way; I wonder why?
Well, I am ready to really own my story. I mean REALLY OWN IT! Not the shortened, sweet, oh, I wish this and that would have happened...but really tell it all. So, I will be doing it! Since it will most likely be long- I will probably tell it in parts...but yes, I will be telling my story.
Now the back of my mind itches and my fingers flex in anticipation of twinkling their way across these keys. The years are drawing me close, I’m tired but there’s a lot to get out of my head and sprawled onto some medium or other. So, if Time is essence then what am I waiting for?
Jimmy Ray Dupree tracks said deer to the property of Tough Tony Titwiler.
So I guess if it's a hit, I can make more without having to work an import deal with my cousin Wendy.
My day so far in a nutshell. Now I gotta go clean up/organize our garage (aka my workshop/storage room) to make room for the new pieces before hubby gets home and is completely overwhelmed by my mess out there! Nothing gets my blood flowing like a good day of treasure hunting:)
“This is not good, my friend. This is not good at all.”
Hanover-Signature Record Coporation HM 5005
& em chose the kardashians. shocker.
If you can dream – of a country we could be;
Here is my miracle... a Delphinium is returning and the slugs haven't completely decimated it yet. There are two that I planted last summer but since I've never had luck with them returning or being completely chewed up by slugs I sort of thought of them as an annual. These are the one flower that I wish I could have a large stand of like I see in English cottage garden pictures. I have sprinkled a pet and wildlife safe slug bait around them and will be guarding them them for the rest of the spring. I will be keeping my fingers crossed that they will be blooming in June.
All black Shirts to me is not all political, but its title indicates singer Mathias Björkas dour outlook. He’s often been compared to Morrissey, and he still has a delivery that recalls the Moz, but he also has a melancholy that brings to mind Terry Hall and some of the spite in his voice that reminds me of the Auteurs‘ Luke Haines. He certainly knows his way around a melody like those fellows. Songs like It’s Clear Your Former Lover, A Different Light and first single A Few Empty Waves are seemingly delicate things, but show their strength on repeated listening.
oh something like this.
324 15. “On Prophecy and Freedom.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, August 5, 1999, pp. 7-8., August 12, 1999, p. 8. (Sources: Item C-1998 (12), above, pp. 521-30, Item D-XI/9/1991, below.)
Our next doctor's appointment is on Wednesday, and I'm looking forward to see how much you've grown and making sure that you're on track. It's so comforting to know that each week you get bigger and more likely to be strong enough to survive if something happens and you decide to come early.
Hutchison’s writing style and natural humour and wit reminded me a lot of Terry Pratchett and Garth Nix. I was smiling throughout the story because the characters themselves are so well written and come out with some cracking lines.
Assume that you refer 10 people at the Bronze Level, 10 people at the Silver Level and 10 people at the Gold Level. You are now earning an extra $2250/mo. And that's not all! You can earn not just on your referrals, but on your referrals' referrals!
Coloring: Copics
Despite Your Wickedness
I am grateful for this little corner of our hallway with the round window that floods with light at this time of day.
Nothing can beat, peaceful sleep.
The seventh art, that of the screen, is depth rendered perceptible, the depth that lies beneath that surface; it is the musical ungraspable....
BoBunny Alissa Collection
- Krampus Legend and Arts Workshop (KLAW): $800.00 for the Krampus Legend and Arts Workshop that will include films, puppet shows, a parade and more to promote the legend of the Krampus.
Even the shapes of the letters forming the word “right” are just shapes. Each letter is just a shape. The G and the H do not even have a sound in that word, yet without those silent letters, “rit” is just not spelling it “write.”
Now of course my logical and rational brain wants to say it was just a coincidence...haven't we all had that "if I had left ten minutes earlier" feeling when we see an accident? But when I think about Katie's dream, and her unusual behavior in the morning, I can't help wondering... Maybe there was more to her dream than what she told me about last night. Maybe somewhere deep in her subconscious, she remembered something else from her dream that made her act out that way.
Rising carbon dioxide will have a negligible effect on the climate but will make green plants, including forests and crops, grow better. It will benefit our planet.
PDEA, according to reports, receive information that some politicians who have plans to run in 2010 are receiving campaign funding from drug lords.
Daughter: I need a poo
I vote for shutting down the federal government, after all, they got us into this mess.
(Not that there's anything wrong with people who ride the short bus.)
When I went to pick it up I heard some clunks and clinks.
"When I get really, really drunk.”
mine then.
1430 ***D-VI/1/2002. “The Stories of Caliban.” Theatre Symposium on The Tempest, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Part B-10,)
A brief, startling moment of captivity, the body
I had yet another run-in with ground bees this past week--I was going to plant some of the ornamental grasses. I didn't realize they were nesting in one of the containers and when I picked the grass out of the bucket I got stung. I dropped the grass and ran into the house, not realizing that they were in hot pursuit. My shirt was FULL of them-I ended up with at least 20 stings, 5 of them quite bad. I got my revenge later in the week, though. I went out in the dark and filled a barrel with water and threw the grass in while they slept. It was only 41 out, so I think that even if it had been light out, they wouldn't have been too active...but better safe than sorry!
Boyd A. Gatton, 38, Jersey City, N.J.
We also had some "wordy-fun," too -
The taste truly mirrored the aromatics, as a smooth and semi-sweet malt base introduced the beer, and led to a fig-flavored center. There was enough carbonation to lift away the heavier flavors in the finish, leaving a dry and cleaner-than-expected aftertaste. Yeast and spice were downplayed somewhat, perhaps due to the aging, but there was still a balancing hop bitterness present. Even though the bouquet seemed to belie a cutting alcohol taste, it was actually not that noticeable, which I rather liked.
For your own sake, you cannot let yourself get used to people adjusting their actions because of your irritability. If everybody did that, you would come to expect it, and that's how egomaniacs are born.
In any case, since I am going to be moving away soon, I have to give up my slot in the group project for the next beer to go into the Temperanillo barrel. My slot will be taken over by Mike Wright, the owner of The Commons Brewery (formerly Beetje nano-brewery). The barrel project will still be strictly homebrew, but we did have the advantage of brewing all the wort at The Commons in one day, with a double-batch on the 35+ gallon "Beetje" system (the original nano-brew system from before" Beetje" expanded to a 7-barrel brewery and became "The Commons".
But I would be breaking all the rules of blogging if I continued on with this extremely long post, so stay tuned for Part 2 of our NYC trip! In the mean time, here are a few photos to give you a glimpse of what we did.
Yesterday was a sick day for me, and I worked from home. So I expected to hit you with a double-whammy of recipe posts. But instead, I ended up sleeping most of the time I wasn’t working or feeling like I was dying, so, alas, no recipe posts. I’ll get them to you later this week. In the meantime, I’m jumping on the train of something I first saw on the Lean Green Bean blog: “What I Ate Wednesdays.” It’s just what it sounds like–every Wednesday, you chronicle what you ate for one day, one week, one trip, whatever. And today, I’m joining the WIAW club.
Method: Coloured white card with Brush watercolours to make the red background then emboss it with the Tim Holtz embossing folder. Add the red strips to the main page and then stamp around the page. Cut out and colour the ticket strips with picket fence and faded jeans distress stains. Edge the background card with fired brick distress stain. Stamp the rugby image using faded jeans distress stain and also ink the edge of the tag.
When you are trying to sell your home, you should put a reasonable price on it. Get a list of comparable sales in the neighborhood and choose the median price. By pricing your home at an amount that is too high, it’s likely that you’ll have to decrease it.
Then finally in the early evening, to sit on the beach with your red peeling nose eating fish and chips covered with lashings of salt, malt vinegar and red sauce (Ketchup) out of a newspaper wrapping with a useless wooden fork provided by the Fish and Chip shop and enjoy the setting sun in your eyes.
I love blogging. I have a lot to write about lately. I loathe typing with one hand. The baby is always in the other. This is a good problem to have. I am so smitten with this little guy. Why didn't someone tell me boys were so charming?
Imagine the religious establishments in England being told “You can’t do that” at every turn. They would soon rebel, they would soon become more and more fundamentalist so that they could be heard. That’s exactly what has happened in the States.
Now, that's not to say that service is unimportant. Christ, as the mortal example of Goodness and Love, spent his life in the service of his fellow man. And I strongly believe that we are meant to do the same. Charity demonstrates our love for Jesus and shares His love with others. It strengthens our faith in Him. It demonstrates a willingness to submit to Him. It teaches us obedience. It helps to break selfish habits and patterns of thought. It is an essential part of Heavenly Father's plan to bring His children home.
Of course, I’ve only been here for two months, so this is in no way an exhaustive list. It’s just what I’ve experienced so far. What differences have you found between your home country and where you live now?
c. If the Court ruled that the law, the legislative decree or the bylaw was unconstitutional, the items found to be unconstitutional shall be annulled with retroactive effect and all their consequences shall be removed.
We strolled around the yard and I had to come to the hard reality that I would never be able to come back. This family home would no longer belong to our family.
Edward Arnold Easy Living
MEAGHAN RATH: The themes of this season are temptation and desire, and that’s what we’re all tapping into. It does take us down a path that’s dangerous for ourselves, and for the family we’ve created together.
In this 2001 article David Keen says -
A warm welcome to my new sponsors:
This Easter/Passover weekend was full of little people smiles, sparkly egg dyeing kits courtesy of Grammy Gen Gen, pink camelias bursting from bowls, lounging on our stoop in the sunshine and baskets full of mediocre muffins I made late one evening. The eggs and colorful dye haven't changed much since we were kids -- and you know, that familiarity, it was so comforting. Stop the clock!
I hope you have enjoyed my shadowbox Easter card and you'll come back soon to see all of the fantastic Easter creations by my talented fellow designers!
That man is our host tonight.
1 Cor 11:11NLT But among the Lord’s people, women are not independent of men, and men are not independent of women.
In Belgium you get such absurdities that when you go to the dentist he has not his radio on, because then he has to pay extra fees to the Copyright office, but he switches his computer on and let the music stream that way. (Using a loophole in the law.) (Plus we already do pay copyrights for listening with our subscription with the server, radio and television providers. Why to pay once more?)
“What he has said indirectly is that the insistence on zoning by the North partly caused Boko Haram. For the party to be seen as one, Azazi must go. I am aware that some chieftains of the party have been contacting Jonathan on the need to remove the NSA.”
I hope you enjoy viewing them!
". . .his heart was filled with pain." I think of times in my life that my heart was filled with pain. Times that I thought my life was going to fall apart. Times when I didn't know what it meant to rely on Him. Did I grieve the Lord? Did my story fill the Lord's heart with pain?
I wasn't sure about the Sardines after the first bite, but had a couple more and ended up liking it! Probably won't be a regular on the menu (hubby was not thrilled), but I am definitely less intimidated by them now!
Thursday - green day:
This is an enjoyable movie overall that I think people who have both read and not read the book and for all ages. Good story, good characters and an interesting period make this the best movie I’ve seen this year so far.
Laki Vingas, the representative of non-Muslim foundations at the VGM, told the Radikal daily on Thursday that the decision is a sign that the minority property law passed in September is being acted upon by the government. This week, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the US Congress that she was encouraged by the “concrete steps … Turkey has taken over the past year to return properties to religious communities.” Turkey’s mostly Muslim population of nearly 75 million includes roughly 65,000 Armenian Orthodox Christians, 20,000 Jews, 15,000 Assyrians and about 3,500 Greek Orthodox Christians.
I love fajitas, but have never been brave enough to try to recreate them myself (the whole here they come on a giant sizzling plate dripping in juicy-ness thing can be a little intimidating, right?). The typical cut of beef used for steak fajitas is flank steak or skirt steak,. But if you're a woman who knows very little about cuts of steak like me, you might pick up the wrong cut of beef at the grocery store because it was stocked on the wrong shelf... so here I am with 2 lbs of boneless beef chuck steak. Two completely different parts of the cow. The challenge with boneless beef chuck steak is its from the shoulder of the cow and is tough and needs to be marinated and slow cooked to break down the connective tissue. This recipe requires marinating and slow cooking (braising) the steak in a dutch oven so it's fall apart by the time dinner comes around.
Another easy biscuit from the Cup of Tea and a Chat chapter. My glaze ran off the top and went underneath the biscuits a bit. The drizzle gave these little almondy lemon biscuits a seriously lemon kick, we all loved them. Will thicken the glaze a bit more next time, and there will be a next time! If you have a look on Amazon UK there is a little video clip of Miranda making these, if you are interested.
This is SO stinkin' hard!
Your enemies, with nodding of their plumes,
The second day included a number of bars...things did get a little sketchy, but i know we started of at Henry's 12th Streeet Tavern...somewhat of an institution..not of the beer bar variety (though the 100 beers on tap did satiate our requirements). This was more of a fancy downtown hotel bar, lots of cocktails and some decent pub grub (check out the onion rings below!)
I will check facebook 900 times during the course of my workday, read a bunch of blogs, and stalk people on Google+, then at the end of the day, I will scramble to get things done and stress myself out.
1/2 C condensed milk
Secondly: pick up a bottle each of sparkling wine and club soda. You don’t have to splurge on fancy champagne for this recipe, not by any means. I usually use prosecco for this, or you can use any sort of inexpensive French or domestic sparkling wine that tastes good to you.
Happy decorating friends. You never stop needing your Mama. If your mom is still around give her a call. Better yet, give her a big squeeze and show her how much you love her.
To differentiate him on the field, I ended up naming Irusk’s war dog Arman (Russian for ‘protective.’ It seemed apt), so that if I ever get the chance to field two war dogs in big games, I’ll know which one is Irusk’s, and which one belongs to my second Warcaster.
We hardly spoke about what had happened. I think intotal we spoke once afterwards it happened and then another time just before my fiance found out.
Talk to people (“Networking”)
- Peter Graeme, oboe - Maureen Jones, piano (Banks) - Margaret Kitchin, piano (Hamilton)
Don’t Miss
Enough said to illustrate the absurdity of the stigma around HSV2. It’s virtually the same virus that causes cold sores and chicken pox. Not fun, either of them. Nothing you want to have or to transmit, but also nothing to be ashamed of. Nothing to hide.
Welcome to our Blog Party Sunday. We would love to have you show us what you have for sale for the coming months or how about something you made for a loved one.
2nd Place (Chosen by DT) - Any Little Darling, Cutie Pie stamp of the winners choice and Top 3 Badge.
1/2 cup pumpkin seeds
Back in the warmth of the apartment, I undressed everyone and prepared to settle down for the night. I unwrapped several pieces of candy for LG and snuggled up in the rocking chair with HRH. But LG wasn't having it.
For more than a decade, Ms Swisshelm made trouble and enjoyed doing it. In a brilliant piece in her newspaper, she described her feelings about what was refered to as “the woman’s sphere.”
back into that fingerless abyss
Tom and I continued drinking the Bramble Rye even though it made us cringe with every sip. Even right now I have the goblet with some of Tom's leftover Bramble Rye in it and the smell is making me want to gag. Tom also told me that he almost threw up in the middle of the night after drinking it.
Anyhoo…
Another colleague had been raving about Windhoek Lager, even trying to find places in Germany that sold it. So it had to be good! A pale gold, it's got a fairly grainy aroma with a lump of bread thrown in for good measure. Sweet, bready and with a creamy mouthfeel, it has a gentle, almost noble hop character with a light spiciness. Finishing with slight fruity notes, reminiscent of raspberries and blackberries, it suggests good things to come, but it it ends thin and left me wanting. And after all that, Mr. Skunk might have brushed off this bottle too.
Getting in: The weekend pass for all day and evening milongas and practicas (not any workshops or privatandas) was £60. The daytime milongas went on about as long as milongas usually do in London, the others longer. You could also book for individual evening milongas or day-passes, but it works out more expensive. Advance booking is essential, places are limited and if you just turn up it won't be possible to let you in. I'd say the entry price was a few pounds higher than other festivals of this type, depending on the exchange rate, but very reasonable by UK standards, especially in view of the number of hours' dancing and the high quality of organisation, music, and dance. Certainly it had no problems getting fully booked, and I wouldn't expect it to next year.
Building Your Business
particularly not by the Government; who might be thought responsible
In the back of my mind I had a rug for the third-floor bedroom in mind -- something to go under that squeaky iron bed from which Sukie has the habit of letting her book drop as she falls asleep! (My room is directly beneath!)
Why approve of Cheng’s asylum petition and not Wang? Obviously, you have two well-known Chinese people, one of whom has an extensive record of violating human rights, and another who was upholding human rights of those terrorized by local officials in Linyi province carrying out an extreme version of the one-child family policy. Cheng is an internationally known human rights activist, who has been under house arrest in his home village for years. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi in 10 November 2011 at the Asia-Pacific summit that “When we see reports of lawyers, artists and others who are detained or ‘disappeared,’ the United States speaks up both publicly and privately.” She mentioned specifically the case of Chen Guangcheng, and called upon China “to embrace a different path”.
We spent so many years looking forward to them being grown up that we didn't appreciate the actual growing up and that, right there is why, IMO parents often make better grandparents.
Some of the B vitamins have unique functions within the body that allow a particular deficiency to be readily identified. Often, however, they work in concert so symptoms due to various inadequate components may overlap.
I jest of course. When I heard this I was stunned; as nurses are being given their P45’s, kids in Woking are getting a mug that will get smashed, lost or end up in a cupboard or attic for the next decade or two. Why? What does this serve? Surely that £27k would be better spent on a nurse who could save and better lives rather than on this hopeless idea. If money exists for this kind of bollocks it exists to create jobs or alleviate poverty here in Britain. I love the monarchy, I think they do a great job, but I reckon even the Queen would agree that at this time this kind of spending by a public body such as Woking Borough Council is a total waste of money.
All performances are held at The Writer’s Center: 4508 Walsh Street, Bethesda, MD 20815. There is ample parking across the street (free on weekends), and the theatre is just blocks away from the Bethesda Metro Station on the red line.
Whats funny is that at every single doctors appointment we only saw little girls. There was never a single boy in the hospital until the day that we went for the ultrasound. Our first thought was since we are only seeing girls, watch us have a boy. So on the day of our ultrasound when we saw a boy, we didn't know what to think...it was all fun and speculation anyway. After getting the news the doctor said "how tall is dad" apparently our little girl has long limbs. A future basketball star we are certain! They also said that the little one was going to be an intellectual because her brain was developing wonderfully and she was also sucking her thumb!! So cute!! That entire day the little one was just fluttering all around making herself known.
Oh, and guess what? The werewolf represents the American people. We’re all on the end of our nerves about the government, and we want change now! We’re monsters in khaki pants! If something doesn’t change, we’re gonna tear and claw our way to Washington and by God, we’re gonna set ‘em straight.
There were many more memories....hope to post some pictures soon and some new thoughts that are brewing.
Depending on where and when you are from, deer can mean venison, sports, roadkill, tick bags or pests.
2. Add a larger half-circle below the circle and slightly off to one side.
Who attacked in his bloodthirsty way.
A couple weeks prior to today, I have having a debate with my friend Stephanie Hatem through the good and faithful intercessor Caleb Newell (Priority & Default), as they were both talking on Skype and I was not included. We debated how much of I nerd I am, and she was arguing that I was not a nerd.
IN BOWL OF STAND MIXER fitted with paddle attachment, combine first 5 ingredients
that our kids will never know the same wise and Godly woman that I knew,
Gert here continuing on with Pilgrim’s comment…
Bx
This barely reported giant step into darkness (few journalists understood it) turned loose banks, insurance companies, and brokers to engage in just about any business they wanted – businesses they knew nothing about, including the underwriting of a treacherous vehicle called the credit default swap. It basically insured the losses of crap-shooting masters of the universe even though the guarantors had no way to pay up and no way to disentangle the crazy derivatives they created. Meanwhile, Alan Greenspan, possibly the dumbest bastard in America, looked for new ways to deregulate other greedy bastards like himself who were almost as dumb as he is.
silvana: moore doesn't have any obligation to give any money to anyone
One way to confirm your findings is to ask those Godly people that know you well. Ask them to read the definitions of the gifts that you selected and confirm whether they see this same gift in your life or not. Ask them what they think you need to improve on. Ask them to pray for you that you may have understanding and wisdom in using these gifts.
Our first stop was at a local souvenir shop who specializes Batik products.
On a day like today the temperature is perfect for walking in the lightest clothes, wet or dry and I hold my hat in my hand to feel the breeze blow through my damp hair. Glorious is the word that springs to mind, an absolutely glorious day to be alive and at the beach, at this beach, before the Adelaide summer gets too hot but far away from the still cold waters of Tasmania.
8:30 PM: Ugh. Receipts are also definitely a single use disposable.
Perhaps we could try opening out the theme suggestion for future weeks as well. Why not suggest a theme or two when you comment on this call and I will try and make use of your suggestions in the weeks to come. Just give me a possible theme and I will try and root out an archive image to illustrate it with and that can serve as our call. And I will incorporate a nice big link back to the blogger who suggested the theme.
Passengers Miss Sarajevo I/IRL
JOB 28:28
I know that we gave her a great life and we’ll continue to do so with her two sisters. But two years with her just wasn’t long enough.
So not only would we face the grouping penalty (how different from EverQuest where there is a grouping bonus) but there seemed little chance that we would run into anything challenging. Azeroth seems to be a very nice shared single-player experience these days, with no barriers to the solo player but little incentive to group.
The film puts together a whole mish mash of different themes that are shot using the backdrop of Oregon’s landscape. Many love stories I see focus so much on the story that they forget about capturing the beauty around the main characters. Van Sant’s cinematographer is amazing…truly amazing. Some of the shots are absolutely beautiful.
Well either way, Shu goes crazy again, Inori saw Arisa as she saw what happened, Shu confronts Yahiro, Argo tries to talk sense into Shu, Shu takes his void and laughs maniacally.
Acting like you’ve this shit plus more (bullshit!)
DVD SRP: US - $229.99/Canada - $234.99
The story below also reiterates the benefits of Realtors and governing organizations like RECO who are always at work in the background looking after the interests of consumers in real estate transactions.
Paper Plus stores nationwide are reaching out to fans of the internationally acclaimed The Hunger Games trilogy this week, by offering them in-store discounts on all of the titles from the hugely successful post-apocalyptic novels.
Yet Mr. Campbell’s strangest examples feature animals. He tells the story of a storm that ravaged the Hebrideani sland of St. Kildain 1840. A Great Auk, rare in those parts, was seen walking on the beach; it was captured and put on trial for instigating the fatal storm. The Auk, already a flightless bird, was found guilty and stoned to death. In a similarly vengeful spirit, a Parisian cow was executed in 1546 for having amorous relations with a man, though common sense indicates that the man was likely the aggressor. In a nod to fairness, both were hanged, then burned.
Mark: I'm pretty sure he had sex with animals.
A 4-alarm fire at Tyler Perry’s studios in Atlanta, Georgia, burned incessantly Tuesday night into early Wednesday as more than 100 local firefighters were called to battle the blaze.
Jenna laughed loudly.
Currently, only 9.5% of UK electricity comes from renewable energy sources and Friends of the Earth, who had 2,884 people questioned for the survey is concerned the government’s encouragement of gas production (by exempting gas-fired power plants from emissions restrictions) is having a negative effect on the search for greener alternatives to fossil fuels.
It can do if it is too high, but the prize needs to come from somewhere. Most small literature-based organizations have no money, and the people who run them do it out of love.
In these four verses (John 17:20-23) Jesus mentions unity seven times. And why does He deem unity so important? So that the world may believe that You have sent Me . . . and have loved them even as You have loved me. Doesn’t that seem like a lot of what the world DOESN’T believe?
3. Roll' Em (Williams)
The stoop in front of Freddie’s house was empty, yet there
Melody Laila
Deion will be 12 next week...how did THAT happen...my baby, but its impossible to know what to get right after Xmas.
7. Just Begun ft. Jay Electronica, J. Cole, & Mos Def
I'll be headed to Bosco's here in Anchorage. They limit you to 5, but I think that's reasonable. I usually drag the wife along to snag double the books. There will be over 40 different ones to choose from. From adult themed to kids comics. I however will not be dressing up.
Chuck Matney, who had recently closed his floral business, is the new Personal Stylist at Halls.
She was born Roberta Lee Streeter on July 27th 1944 to Portuguese parents in Chickasaw County, Mississippi. Her parents divorced when she was a toddler, and it was left to her grandparents to raise her. They lived on a farm in Chickasaw County - Mississippi Delta country. "We didn't have electricity, and I didn't have many play things," Bobbie recalled. "My Granddaddy liked possum stew, so whenever he caught one, he'd cut off the tail for me to play with."
These are different species. But according to the idea behind micro and macro evolution … they are not.
This year I decided to have an Earth Day date with Boog and Littles. We first went out to lunch, which was pizza and then coffee for Mommy as a dessert (because Littles decided to wake up at 2 am this morning, I was less than my chipper self).
"Yes you do! I just gave you a pair," I responded, frustrated.
3) Come back to this post and leave a comment including a DIRECT link to your creation or use Mister Linky below.Remember to make it a link to the specific post or picture and not just a general link to your blog or gallery. We need to be able to find your art!
I own the Zoo-Phonics font, and I LOVE this because it allows me to make my own flash cards! One thing that their company does not offer (at least not that I know of,) is something that I like to refer to as “Transitional” flash cards. To make these, I print out the Zoo-Phonics card and glue it on one side of the card, and then I print out an ordinary matching letter and glue it on the back of that card. Then I laminate the cards, trim off the excess lamination, and voila! I have a set of “Transitional” Zoo-Phonics Flash Cards.
During 2009, some 35 sex offenders on parole were arrested during compliance checks at six fairs throughout California for violating terms of their parole where GPS monitoring was conducted. Last year, five sex offenders were arrested for non-compliance after trying to enter the State Fair.
The wretch, concentred all in self,
Now, I don't consume much of the stuff, except when in Italy, because I rather not have any at all than have poor quality. This is NOT how books are like ice-cream, because I have to be reading something all the time, even if it's rubbish. Even if it's train time-tables or ketchup labels. There are lots of people like me - logophiles? Anyway, addicts of the written word (and the spoken, come to that).
Now, deductive reasoning is the process of coming up with a conclusion based on facts that have already been shown to be true. Hence, your conclusion will always be true. The facts that can be used to prove your conclusion deductively may come from accepted definitions, postulates (something assumed without proof) or axioms (universally accepted principle), or previously proved theorems (an idea or statement generally accepted without proof).
I remember lovingly creating this space. First I had to clear out the detached garage, moving stored articles to another area and chalking out the space. Then I cleaned it, uncovering a beautiful old dry-goods counter (perfect height for making art) stashed in the back and topped with years of motor oil and original milk-green paint. I stripped the top, cleaned up the rest and added casters. It will never leave this room unless I build a larger door.
The verb sustain is a word that means to keep in existence, to maintain. Other definitions are: to supply with nourishment, to support from below and to keep from falling or sinking. Thus, the vast spectrum of sustainability is not only a concept related to ecology or environmental sciences but it reaches human, social and economic spheres. As Harlem Brundtland has defined it, a sustainable development is a development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs. The satisfaction of the essential human needs (food, clothing, shelter, jobs) means the control, exploitation and management of raw materials and energy throughout specific habitats. For Brundtland a sustainable development requires meeting the basic needs of all and extending to all the opportunity to satisfy their aspirations for a better life.
So far, the worst rating for this beer over at Beer Advocate is a C+. That may not be enough in itself to make honor roll, but when averaged out over several reviews, Winter Bock makes the list. I like Gordon Biersch, not simply for their beer but for their customer service, which I'll delve into after the new year, perhaps.
The fabric I have is really nearly perfect and since I have it in the STASH it counts as de-stashing! Woo-hoo! I've got the corset and other undergarments already and a lot of pattern bits and pieces I can Franken-pattern into something resembling the artwork. I'm thinking the Truly Victorian 1905 Circular skirt, and 1890s sleeves view 2 and a bodice I've drafted with added points.
5.blood n guts n rock n roll
VASTech's principal business appears to be selling interception technology to governments, primarily for intercepting phone communications on a mass scale, logging them and making them searchable by intelligence agencies.
Lost and Lonely Feeling
#20 Tagged by :
And both were fulfilled by Yeshua as we read in Matthew and in Yochanan (John):
An early appointment to the US Senate isn't doing Dean Heller's prospects for a full term any favors. Heller's statewide popularity has declined significantly over the first 7 months of 2011 and although he still leads Shelley Berkley by 3 points that's the closest we've ever found the race and a far cry from the 13 point lead he had over her in January.
04 Brian Eno & David Byrne - Help Me Somebody
"Wow," he laughed.
And then there’s Denise.
Peach- Peaches in zone 5? You betcha! Try ‘Reliance’ It has excellent tree and bud hardiness.
And I rebooted my brain and my heart (spell check just corrected that to “heat” again, btw) back to where I was the night we went to see the Patsy Cline show. Not the part where I was freaked out by the fact I was dating someone else other than my husband, and not the part where I didn’t trust you and thought you were a playboy – the part where I had convinced myself I wasn’t romantically attracted to you, and I just thought of you as a friend. I liked you a lot back then, and I thought you were very very handsome. But you totally weren’t my type (I mean, seriously – you wore button up shirts, were all preppy looking, and you were a businessman for cripes sake.) and I did NOT want a relationship at all.
"Mom, I just don't know what to do. I don't know what I should do about this."
UWA Architecture & Fine Arts Library, Perth WA…. some of that material is irreplaceable. Sure, it may be insured… but follows is months of cataloguing and inventory and insurance claims and clean up and resealing… thats months without all those texts! I smell some very unhappy students….
● Is the money taxed?
In-house ad for a book about Shaun, probably composed of articles from past issues of Tiger Beat, followed by a page about Shaun's most difficult choice: should I be a rock star? Television star? It's OK, Shaun, you can be both:
Mom is better! She's swallowing, and not leaking, to their knowledge, and is expected to come home from the hospital tomorrow (Sunday).
Ipswich had a real band scene in those days and I always find it amazing that Gailes and Goodna alone produced The Upsets, The Differentials, Dumb Show, Limited Life, Resistance, The Fits/La Fetts and The Kremlin.
to her darling Mason jar lid ornaments, this girl has it going on.
I thought about how these toys may one day be worth money. I think I saw one of my neighbors collection those 12″ G.I. Joes. They were nicely displayed and kept in the boxes and I figured the same had to be true for Star Wars toys. If their toys were important…so were mine. Star Wars was waaaay cooler than G.I. Joe anyway.
A slight snag this year.
To me a great movie is one that lingers after it is over. The kind that make you think about the story and the characters...
compete, i.e., a hug, a word of praise to show
The front:
What is your dream vacation?
1) Make sure you tell the story. I read articles or books that, when I'm done I think, "what a waste of a great story." Many people are decent writers. I am a DECENT writer. A few are great writers, although not many. But a decent writer can LEARN to tell a story in a way that does it justice that does not waste it.
This is a day of peace and inner gratitude for me. Life has taught me that things never work out the way you plan, so you shouldn’t plan but be open to opportunities around you. Life has taught me that you can have very little qualities …but as long as you are humble and self-confident you can get anywhere, reach anyone and do anything.
The producers might say, if it aint broke don’t fix it, but they were the ones that brought Sean Pertwee in to do the voiceovers, unsettling the delicate balance of the Masterchef eco-system, so I’m going to suggest one little change…
The housing, foreclosure, low - if any - new home sales crisis reminds me of the GOM crisis. The blowout preventer was broken as it was broken in the market crisis, or the credit crisis, or the ... etc.. Sort of like 911 too, each crisis militarily industrializes afterwards. We keep having 911 disasters with eternal effects upending the previous story. We know from reading stories there must be an ending somewhere, but there isn't. Most everyone is still living the old story whether they are an unrepentant shopaholic or a Nigerian child selling sodapop in the mud to the pipeline police. Even when attempts are made to reform corruption, the corrupt make the new story instantly throwing everyone and everything into deeper, darker, more terrifying and uncertain futures and still the story goes on. The ever-changing, ever-enlarging story is a way of life now, as if the anomalies of the present are all that ever was or will be.
The mouse is a physical manifestation of the unreliability of memory, as it scurries into memories where it previously hadn't existed, its presence distracting Claude from the moment; is the mouse actually changing the past, or only changing Claude's memories of the past? Another animal, the cat that Catrine and Claude keep as a pet, appears, it seems, only when Claude remembers that it exists. Suddenly, once the cat is mentioned, they have a cat. The memory that they have a cat seems to shift the cat into existence, or back into existence. It raises the question: can something be said to exist, or to have happened, if we don't remember it? It's as though memory is populating and creating the world through its functioning. Claude's wartime memories, which similarly seem to be unreliable, are an interesting and unresolved undercurrent in the film. He refers several times to his experience in the army during World War II, which contradicts his frequent assertion that he dislikes guns and doesn't know how to use them — but then again, his chosen method of suicide also contradicts this statement. In a very puzzling scene that's unconnected to virtually everything else in the film, Claude runs across an old man who, he claims, gave Claude fake documents and a new identity during the war. The old man protests that he doesn't remember Claude, and says that it's impossible, that he too got a new identity during the war. It's a very mysterious scene, suggesting that there's a lingering mystery in Claude's past, even in his identity. Is memory really so fragile, so malleable?
Sweet Lord. This is easily the highest song ever recorded. What do I mean by "highest"? I mean this song was undoubtedly written while high, recorded while high, and produced while high. I wasn't there, but I can say with absolute conviction that no one was not stoned during any point from inception to release of this song. In fact, I think they should have given a marijuana plant writing credits for Kite Man. This song is what THC sounds like.
While in theory the Congress nominee was to be chosen by the party’s biennial conventions, both Jinnah and Das were chosen by consensus among the party powerbrokers (indeed this would also be the case for most elections since). GM-CR assumed that they had enough control over the party machinery to easily beat Nehru when the party convened in the Gujerati village of Haripura in the autumn of that year. And the media bemoaned the political suicide of young Nehru.
You tell the dog to Sit! as you make the hand motion for Sit! and as the dog sits, you click the clicker and immediately give him a treat. The instructor did not like me--that is, she didn't like Riley, and so by extension she did not like me. Riley was four months old when we got him and he was an unhappy, nervous, frightened dog. The instructor had a big German shepherd that she wanted to demonstrate on, but every time she took him out of his crate, Riley went ballistic with fear, and so she had to keep putting her dog back into his crate. She was not gracious about this.
and the reconstruction of the mind.
MORTLOCK is a gothic, Victorian horror show, in all the best ways.
The crazy thing is that I never shared my passions, not even with my best friends. I think they may have guessed how obsessed I was with Star Wars and old movies. They had no understanding of my desire to be on stage. And I never once told them the name of the boy I had a crush on. At the time, I think I thought it was self-protection. That if my dreams didn't come true, at least no one knew about them, so I didn't have to be ashamed.
Miranda: "To the women who do it without help! Assuming they didn't give themselves an injury eye rolling when you had a panic attack after your daughter smeared icing on your Valentino skirt."
Betrayed a confidence by…..
The memorable moment of the evening happened when George, general counsel for American Traffic Solutions, presented souvenir red light camera signs to City Attorney Dave Feldman and Paul Kubosh, who led the successful fight to take down red light cameras in Houston.
It is good too because all you do is bring your own charcoal, they provide the grill & teppan (iron griddle) and then they take care of your hot coals at the end too.
They will likely blame the violence on agent provocateurs or turn the argument around on “principled grounds”, saying had they been allowed to assemble in Dataran, none of this would have happened.
In an effort to keep things interesting here on "Fresh Fabrics Friday" I thought it would be fun to occasionally share "Fresh Fabric Projects." So today, inspired by Jenn at A Home in the Making and her awesome ombre dye pillow, I have scouted several ways to either create a beautiful pillow from scratch or to embellish a perfectly decent, but ordinary pillow. The links below each photo contain tutorials for creating these clever cushions.
WordPress blogs are great because they have wonderful statistics sections that one can peruse over for days, matching the number of hits against the popularity of some posts against others. This is one of my biggest distractions. Now, back in the day when this blog started I used to complain over the difference between a fourteen hit day and a sixteen hit day, these days it’s more like …eh, 34 against 36…maybe. Anyway, the hit count is a distraction. The only way I see my hit count staying regularly high is to post regularly, and that’s another distraction.
I have now completed my latest 3 little dolls and this morning I have uploaded pics of the first 9 little rag dolls in the blog shop. So, if you would like to be the first to put in an order, please follow the link and email me with your requests to wipso@toucansurf.com. If there is something you would like but would prefer it in different colours, then please let me know and I will be happy to do my best to meet your requirements.
Watched all the bitterness burn
We'll stay with the old man wherever he wants to stay
Of our beautiful memories, turning them sour, ugly, discreet
-the above category with minimum $1,000 in property taxes for 1+ years
E: my heart
Boil 1 cup of water with salt. Add the water in batches to the rice flour, with a help of a wooden spoon mix the rice flour fast. Add the water till it forms soft dough.
(3) Oh, and when gas prices were at an all-time high in July 2008 under George W. Bush, that wasn’t his fault, it was the fault of the Democrats in Congress. See how this works?
Well, their wedding has a summery, picnic feel, so we decided to tie the shower into the theme with some bright reds, oranges, yellows. Think watermelons and lemonade. Add in some mason jars, poppies, angel food cake, and strawberries, and there it is. Winner winner, chicken dinner!
Whilst I'm here, I just want to draw your attention to this super cool sentiment. It is a fabby one from one of the Inkadinkadoo sets that the fabulous Tracy at Dies to Die For has. This particular one is unfortunately out of stock but there are plenty of others to choose from :o) You can find them all HERE and some are even reduced......!
Virginia Standards of Learning 2.6
I offer a drop in center for scrap and assist every day
Dear Dr. Xxxxx
When I first opened the tins, I noticed that the product was not smooth looking like I expected. It almost looked curdled. I dipped my finger into the product to find that it has a soft, but gritty texture, not unlike sugar that has been creamed with butter. I did initially wonder if this would make it a terrible texture for use as lip balm, but I quickly realized the grittiness melts away on contact with your skin. The balms absorb quite quickly on skin, and leave only the slightest greasy residue when initially applied. Within a minute or two you are left with nothing but seriously soft skin and a sweet scent. On lips, they are light feeling, non sticky, with a glossy shine. They are not oily feeling and last for a few hours. I like them for use with drier formulas of lipstick as they both protect and moisturize but also add a bit of shine.
He danced round her like a madman. Hopping, jumping, the blond curls skipping about his head. Sat on a bale of hay, she laughed with a lovely big grin, a grin reflected in his own face.
stores that accepts coupons from their rivals
Since the death of his wife Ryoko seven years ago, film producer Aoyama(Ryo Ishibashi) has raised their son Shigehiko alone. The two live a happy life but Shigehiko notices his father looking worn out so asks “why don’t you marry again?” Aoyama is taken with the suggestion but is unsure how to approach remarrying. His friend Yoshikawa, a film producer, suggests staging an audition to find a girl aged between 20-35 for a role in a film that is unlikely to be made. The plan is Aoyama won’t marry the successful girl but the audition will uncover gems. Despite misgivings over the process, Aoyama proceeds and discovers ex-ballerina Asami(Eihi Shiina) and falls for her. After initial contact, she warms to his advances and Aoyama becomes increasingly infatuated with her fragile nature and beauty ignoring the dark side to the girl of his dreams.
Curious to find out more? Come check out this interactive workshop and walk away with dynamic tools to integrate in your practice, whether it be in the office or on the stage!
Written on sounds waves, unbroken
Another in a series of analyses on my art. It’s been a while, but I’m baaaa-aaack!
The Notleys, Rayne, Flitch Way, John Raye....Miles and miles of public walkways stretching, turning and curving all over the area, mostly rural farmland but interspersed all along by the ubiquitous hedge ways of old England and also of course, some pristine old woodlands such as Bushy Wood and Garnet Forest. I have barely begun to scratch the surface.
What do thirteen year olds like? I try to figure it out and end up watching Hannah Montana, Jackass, Funny Home Videos, and Mr. Ed...some clips of Faith the Two-Legged Dog, and finally decide to look into some Mad Libs. I think that's pretty close to what they like. I think.
The second post will examine the Yom Kippur festival in detail, in its textual, cultural, and social context.
It seems they prefer to grab someone's property when the victim isn't sitting right there; it unnerves them to steal it while the public is looking.
As we walked through to the back room for our cuppa she made a passing comment "You really like fish don't you!"
Russell's decision sets aside the earlier refugee board decision, and sends Huntley's refugee claim back to a "differently constituted" board for consideration.
Scott was wrongly identified by a witness and served 13 years behind bars, until the real killer confessed.
Today I get to reveal the NEWS. The BIG NEWS I've been sitting on all week, and am about to explode with excitement.
I have all my entries made out for tomorrow and ready to go. I am trying to get a little ahead and have entries made out for the following day, and at the moment, I only have eight entries for Tuesday. However, I should be getting a new issue of Sweepsheet by sometime tonight. I am hoping that I can find a few interesting sweepstakes to enter by snail mail and revive my interest.
6. Damage control: I put Mr Sunshine on this job. He basically went around making sure the activity stations were under control, nothing awful was happening etc. It wasn't an interesting job because nothing happened!
When people talk to Don and I about our desire to relocate to a tropical destination, our kids are always a concern. We each have 2 children, Don has Tyler 22 and Cheyne 20 ... I have Bryan 24 and Caitlin 21. We know hands down, wherever we move to, they all will be happy to join us or visit at the very least. And we'll be happy if they do.
Pen and Ink, Derwent Inktense Pencils, Watercolour
Happy one year of blogging!...and can I just say that "blog" is an unfortunate sounding word?
"What's your favorite book?"
“Write,” she said, instead of ‘hello’. “You and I, we are supposed to write!” With her sweet, Georgian accent, she launched into a synopsis of her time at the meeting. There were other women, she said, just like us, who dream to translate a tiny little fraction of what God whispers into our lives onto the page.
6. Ask the Angels
At any rate it will happen....eventually.
I couldn’t get over how much I disliked Taylor Schilling. I felt like she looked way too old in comparison to Zac Efron, and I was shocked when I looked it up, and she’s only a few years older than him. She looked over 30 to me, even though she was meant to play someone actually close to her age. Speaking of age, I also didn’t think it would be remotely possible for Blythe Danner to have a great-grandson, but that’s just me. That being said, the little boy Ben, played by Riley Thomas Stewart, was really cute and definitely tugged on my heartstrings a few times. But back to this Beth character, although I was pulling for her to be with Logan, I ultimately just wanted her to stay in the picture so that we got to see Zac without his shirt on more often. I didn’t feel any chemistry between them, whatsoever.
As I type this, it occurs to me that perhaps I am on schedule and that this morning’s show was God’s way of alerting me that it’s time for me to take my next step. That instead of forcing myself to watch TV, I should spend the time reading, writing or completing the coursework I started months ago. So, instead of berating myself for what I haven’t done, I’ll say, “I got the message, God, and thank you for your continued guidance.”
This is not to say that it is not art. What I am saying here is very distinct: I'm not saying the Mass Effect 3 ending isn't art, what I'm saying is that the Mass Effect 3 ending is an artistic failure. There's a slight difference and in this case the devil is in the details because upon this statement depends the actual framing and meaning of the conversation.
Dry Dock - I'm telling you, this could be Colorado's next great brewery. Five years ago they made the jump from homebrew supply store to microbrewery and they've been winning awards ever since. The 2009 GABF Small Brewery of the Year recently doubled its brewing capacity (to 3000 barrels) and added a bottling line in November of 2010. Dry Dock is the rare brewery that seems to brew every style well, from Vanilla Porter to Hefeweizen to Double IPA. In fact, those are three of my favorite Dry Dock offerings. Every Friday brings a new Firkin tapping, which brings out even more followers to one of the area's busiest brewpubs. They just did another expansion, adding a new fireplace, larger barrel program and additional seating at beautiful large wood tables. No real food, but they do have an old school popcorn machine, which combined with their board game collection seems to make this a great place for kids. I always see families here. Mom and Dad get beer, the little ones get a bowl of popcorn and all the Connect Four they want and it all just seems to work out.
All that said, you never really know, and so it’s best to tell the truth, as with all interview questions. The beauty of this question is that there is an answer which is probably truthful for 99% of people and this one puts the ball straight back into the interviewer’s court.
Charlotte, North Carolina
Whosoever wishes to be saved
But the years at Roadside were also filled with constant activity in causes both old & new. After the Thirteenth Amendment had abolished slavery, she could not agree with Garrison that there remained no further work for friends of the Negro. So she pressed for Negro suffrage & threw herself in the work of the Friends Association of Philadelphia for the Aid & Elevation of the Freedmen, which provided economic aid & established elementary schools for Negroes in the South. Higher education for the children of Friends occupied her too, & she busied herself in raising money for the Quaker college established at Swarthmore in 1864. Always a strong believe in the Quaker peace testimony, she regularly attended meetings of the Pennsylvania Peace Society, of which she was vice-president. She seldom missed a woman’s rights or suffrage convention & seldom failed to be called upon for an address. At the 1st convention of the American Equal Rights Association in 1866, she was named president at the insistence of Elizabeth Cady Stanton.
Granted, Leigh has made a career in horror thanks to Psycho, but there's all the difference between dealing with Alfred Hitchcock and Anthony Perkins and dealing with giant bunny rabbits flaring their nostrils.
I won the roll off, and began with a shot from my Saker into the Kings Life Guard regiment, and advanced my dismounted dragoons through the wood, and pushed forward with the pike and shot battallia. The cavalry edged forward cautiously, not wishing to commit to anything too early on.
So here’s my proposal: Everyone who speaks before an elected body, in any capacity, has to be put under oath that he or she will tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, on pain of five years in prison for perjury. And then start locking some liars up.
People who satisfied by extrinsic rewards are, I think, less sure of themselves. They need their boss to applaud them. They need a cheap metallic artifact on their desk. They need laudatory loudness. They need their egos nourished by the outside because they can't feed their ego themselves.
The only way I would have painted these particular hot pink figures with dark hair is if I wanted to go with a punk/goth look. I then would have added colored streaks to the hair and instead of red hair as the alternative I would have done white hair. Additionally I would have given them tattoos and body paint and/or heavy makeup. Oh the choices!
a.) in the playoff hunt
Technically this isn’t a fix, it’s a rebuild but nevertheless it may save you a trip to the Genius Bar.
And I don’t. There are many reasons why people believe things, but broadly speaking, because I’ve not had the idea hammered into my skull throughout my upbringing until it became a part of my worldview that it would be unthinkable to abandon, and because I’ve never been at a particularly emotionally vulnerable point in my life and turned to religion for solace or been taken advantage of, and because I’m not that irrational, I don’t believe that a god exists who expects and demands that I accept him as my saviour before allowing me any kind of post-mortem payoff. (Pardon the ever-so-slight generalisations there.)
However, as the Opposition in Malaysia (not sure about other places), they must see loopholes here and there. At least in Malaysia, the Politics does not allow you to admit the good side of your opponent, regardless you are the government or opposition. That is politics in our beloved country. Therefore, on Saturday and the following days after the presentations, many comments were made via blogs and their medias on how bad the budget is. The Malaysian Insider reported “Bajet Pilihanraya” & Malaysiakini said “Bajet Gagal Zahirkan MEB, ETP“
5) When Pixie and her distant cousin Walter (Jenny's cat) get together, Pixie does whatever Walter will allow her to do. If he lets her sleep on the bed, she's fine with that. If he lets her get on the couch he's not using, then she's fine with that. Who ever thought that this 70 pound dog would be bossed around by a 7 pound cat?
When she went to the comfort room we turned off the lights and hide anywhere we can hide ourselves in the Wave hall as we waited her to enter with the lights off.
Scheduling everything (teaching, Lubec Arts Alive, Cobscook Pottery, garden....) it's like a well-choreographed dance!
But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof.
‘Who are you, you German Nazi to comment? Get off our site.’
When Anna walked into Declan’s office she found him standing in the midst of a downpour that didn’t touch one piece of furniture.
Coke has used the ZERO marks since 2004, but that alone is not necessarily enough to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness. However, Coke has enjoyed substantial success with its ZERO beverages. For instance, its sales of COCA-COLA ZERO for 2005-2006 exceeded $1 billion. Advertising expenditures were more that $150 million from 2004-2007, and for the entire ZERO line they rose to more than $500 million by 2010.
PS: if anyone wants to buy my house, it’s still for sale. I’ll cut you a deal.
Didn't you see that tidbit in my bio? Go ahead, ask me a question about guano! Any question!
I decided to use a set of coordinating papers from Deja Views' Sweet Romance line. The patterns are Lipstick Floral (background), Kiss Lace (bottom triangle) and Kiss Dots (top triangle). The base cardstock is Pomagranite from Stampin Up. I edged the triangles with the Fleur de Lis edge punch from EK Success.
From that second, the moment she regained her breath after the final iamb, Beth realized that a girl, somebody the poet must have known, had inspired that man to immortalize her beauty. Everybody needs to sense an image of the immortal. As each breath of imaginary voice seeped into her mind’s ear, Beth recognized that some hidden hole, which had been borne into her soul before birth, began to fill, but all the running waters leaked through and lost themselves as soon as the words stopped.
once the oil and honey are more liquid add it and the banana to the dried mix and stir well.. you could add linseed at this stage if you so wanted.
I wanted to write about Aguinaldo’s time here in Singapore. But first I have to find where “La Mansion” is, said to be at vicinity of the historic Raffles Hotel. I would have to do some research to locate it. It was here that he sealed the fate of his land when he met with the US consul Spratt.
Flybe, UK’s largest domestic carrier and short haul European carrier has recently updated its website, brought on a new non-executive director and banished evil debit card charges from its bookings. What with a new ‘Making Flying Better’ slogan, perhaps they mean what they say!
Think of you, my love, and smile
Week 1 & 2 – week ending 11th Nov – Getting more into Drupal: Learning drupal and all required functionalities.
Passwords, production papers and other random thoughts. If you are going to take the day off please tell your staff the computer password or they might have tech change it to WendyisAwesome and not tell you. Production papers should be entitled production papers not menus. I am starting to wonder if I am going to be able to find anything on my boss's computer next year.
"Aye, well it's not as bad as could be. It's odd seeing the weather coming in from predominately the east which explains why what would normally be an April shower is falling as snow..."
January 2004 was my first birthday alone. T. came home and gave me my gift. It was a mug. A mug that my soon to be ex bought at the dollar store. T. made me a cup of tea in my new mug and I drank my tea forcing it past the lump in my throat. That night after I put T. to bed, I cried.
Carnaval is over and I didn't post any Brazilian music, you are
(choose the best response)
Per serving: 363 calories (50 percent from fat), 20 g fat (12 g saturated fat, 6 g monounsaturated), 93 mg cholesterol, 15.4 g protein, 27.6 g carbohydrates, 5 g fiber, 730 mg sodium.
When the sun begins to set the first attendees begin to emerge, out for a quiet drink after dinner, watching the day dawn and drinking to yet another day in the beautiful city of Dubai.
47. A recent study showed high levels DDT, BHC, lindane, aldrin and chlordane on all brazilian coffee beans tested. These chemicals are not ‘burned off’ during the roasting process as previously thought.
I think that's all I have time to ramble about tonight. I need to wake Matthew up from his super late nap, otherwise he won't sleep for me tonight. He'll just babble all through Dateline like he did last week.
Serve the shrimp over the cooked grits.
If you've had enough of "lower slower Delaware" all together, you can take the ferry near Rehoboth up to Cape May on the south Jersey Shore and find a nice beach bar that serves Bud Light Lime by the gallon. You could always drive back to DC, Philly or Baltimore to visit Church Key, Yard's or Clipper City respectively. New York is about four hours away as well if you want to make a long weekend out of it all.
Still, I’m happy in this undemonstrative, rural place. In my conversations with it, I know, once more, who I am. It inundates me continually with mystery, because its nature is too complex to be fully known. (italics mine)[5]
Read and let read!
This particular programme had a strong impact on me, as I had been enthralled waiting to discover what the mystery beast in it was, and I can remember watching it avidly a second time a couple of years or so later when the series in which it appeared was repeated on television (even though I now knew the creature's identity beforehand), but after that, nothing. As far as I am aware, neither the entire series nor this particular episode from it was ever broadcast on British television again. But what was the series?
I have a passion for ballet. The first time I saw any form of ballet was “Swan lake on ice” c. 1990. It was instant love at first sight and since then I have seen 8 versions of Swan Lake among many other shows including Graeme Murphy’s take on Swan Lake both here in Australia and in Paris. Lucky me.
Hello to all my friends! Welcome to all the new people who are following me now. I am delighted to have each and every one of you here to look at what I do.
7 ago
True to the national character, the Communist Party continues to behave in the usual inscrutable fashion. Even so here seems to be a new willingness to face some of the ‘errors’ of the past, though I not sure how this could be done without destroying the remaining credibility that still attaches to Mao, whose moon-like face still stares impassively over Tiananmen Square.
The government will certainly roll out its “big guns” to stem the tide of humanity coursing down the historic Dataran Merdeka (Independence Square), come April 28. The eyes of the world will be watching the outcome of the face-off. A violent crackdown on the innocent citizens will arouse the ire of the global village and rouse the people to action. If Bersih 3.0 is crushed, the final fight will shift to a bigger arena where the fate of the rulers will be decided. The only weapon the government has this time is fraud: it will cheat at the ballot box to cling on to its tattered pants. But the price of liberty is eternal vigilance – and the people are unlikely to let down their guard. They may yet deliver a knock-out punch.
-I am sad that Cooper won't get to have the memories me and the girls have
1 contribution
Congrats to all of our winners, our Top 3 Badge can be found on the tab above called "Winner/Top 3 Banners" and other wise our prizes can be claimed by email me at Inky.Impressions@hotmail.com
There's sort of a fourth, which is that you have sent a good book to someone who just doesn't like it. That's bad luck and there is nothing you can do about editors' (or readers') tastes.
Five sisters. Tati, the beautiful one, destined to fall in love with a man lost to the fairies. Jena, the sensible one, who searches for her own destiny as she tries to hold all the threads of her family’s life together. Iulia, the romantic one. Paula, the scholar. And Stela, the youngest.
You would think that I would lose a pound a week or so just from giving up regular sodas, even if I didn't do any other diet stuff. But that doesn't seem to be happening.
FYI: for those who don't know....our house is exactly one block behind (North of) my folks' house. Our back yards practically face each other (kind of, in a kiddy-corner kind of way).
Heartbeat is a Love beat -- Delfranco Family
I used one of the sentiment centers and die cut with a Labels One Nestability die. Since it is bothering me, I have to point out that my right corners do not exactly match.. unintentionally! I rounded my patterned paper and mat with my 1/2" Round-it-All, then when I attempted to round the corners of my vellum, I managed to break my Round-it-All. In order to round the corners of my cardstock base, I had to use my 1/4" Round-it-All because none of my other corner rounders would go through 2 layers of cardstock.. grrr.. I guess now I can justify getting a Crop-A-Dile Chomper!! My layout uses the latest JustRite Friday Challenge sketch.. details HERE.
“So, once again you rejected Jonghyun?” Asked Taeyeon curiously as she’s lying on my bed.
Although, since waking, I’ve had a strange feeling. An urge to be at work. It’s like I’ve gotten the days wrong and I’m currently supposed to be at work. I’ve had to check the date several times just to assure myself that it is Thursday. I’ve had to check my roster several times just to assure myself I’m not supposed to be at work on Thursday.
But something has to change. Sunday mornings are still the most segregated hours in America. We can’t even pray together with people who are different from us, much less be good neighbors. And I have it easier than most: they are my literal neighbors. Most of us have taken life paths that have led us to places where our neighbors tend to look exactly like us. But proximity isn’t everything, of course. Moving in does nothing, if you have not love.
Down here
She sounds like a powerful and fairly enlightened female ruler in the mould of Catherine the Great or or own Elizabeth I, holding her own in a male-dominated society. Good for her, though it seems a stretch to regard her as the incarnation of female wisdom rather than as a successful political leader. As for invading Korea and Tibet, is that really something to celebrate?
Born in Dublin to an Irish mother and a father who immigrated to Ireland from Zambia, Samantha Mumba enjoyed tremendous success during the years of 2000-2002 as one of world's most popular female pop singers. With an album that went Platinum and several very popular videos where she danced and sang and otherwise put herself on display, she was certainly the cause of the Gujarat earthquake in January of 2001.
For listing option, you change umpteen choices. If you're search for rmendations, especially in the U.S., it's really human. You do itemize programpanies similar Zap Assemblage (), and InfoUSA (). For your IT marketing, they're a swell judge tomence.
Still with me? Ok, you were warned.. I am feeling EXTREMELY SORRY FOR MYSELF.
when I can't
"And look at those cheeks!" I commented. The little girl indeed had huge, squeezable pillows of chub on either side of her nose.
Neesa just stared out into space, taking in the view. She was mesmerized by the form of the Basestars, like sleek and monstrous starfish, the streaking plumes of hundreds of missiles, the explosions all about her...a symphony of destruction. Something in her found the terrible site to be satisfying.
So as one can see. I watched this movie for all the wrong reasons and BOY was I surprised while watching it. The Woman in Black actually scared the living crap out of me. I haven’t been this creeped-out by a movie since I watched Martyrs in 2008.
ON THE BLUE COMET, by Rosemary Wells, ill. by Bagram Ibatoulline (Candlewick 2010)(ages 8-12). In this young middle grade novel, eleven year old Oscar lives with his father in a small house in Cairo, Illinois. There, they've created a world of their own: ten Lionel trains, including the Blue Comet.
Until it’s gone – Until it’s gone
Every moment is an individual reality created. As we spur through existence, there is one fact that we know for sure, there are far more question out there than answers, and we will never reach a point of knowing all.
This Valentine’s Day I want to thank you for your inspiration and continue to support you in your journey by offering FREE Health Histories. These are short, 45 minute chats where you get to talk about your life, what is important to you and where you want to go. My role is to just listen and be inspired by you. Comment below or send me an e-mail to get started! This free offer is limited to 10 people, so act soon!
Their children gain but mine and others lose, yet we must say not a thing, not one word must we utter, not one act of dissent, we must all it seems, merely await our final journey, our final peace, our final unworthy service and committal to the here after. It is hard to believe she has gone that such a good and honest person is no more, that this world will not now hold such a person whilst evil-doers do lunch in our prisons. She was I am afraid one of those really quite awful single parents, that much maligned species, at least by those who purport to be of the right, yet she ran a small business until the Asians wiped it out, she unable to match their prices and indeed their hours of opening, she once told me that they had almost complete control of the warehouses and that other non-Asian retailers had little chance of profit because of it, they sticking to their own and we out in the cold. Still she worked for so very long, paid her due and more , although what the worker pays in this country is not really their debt ,they pay on another’s behalf, indeed never were any people as exploited as the common man, never so used and abused, lied to and worked so hard.
To continue my month on love and dating…. as luck would have it one of my very good friends got married yesterday. As most of you know about me, I am always all up in the mix when it comes to all things Chinese. So, I happily agreed when my friend asked me to not only come to the wedding but to be in the wedding. I was very excited to be a part of a traditional Chinese wedding. Since, my wedding was very non-traditional.
POWERED by the wind, Sea Breeze, New York
Angela came up with Classic Dill Julienne Fries. Honestly, I was torn between two choices as I really liked Angela's Classic Dill Julienne Fries as well as another finalist who came up with Thai Spiced Sweet Potato Julienne Fries. To me, they are both winners and I will definitely buy them any time. Both had their own distinct flavour and trust me will definitely have you ask for more. If you like, you can still vote for them and judge based on what you think taste good in your mind. To vote, go to www.facebook.com/Alexiafoods . So go show some support to our fellow bloggers. Every little bit helps right?
Best of all, I'm home with Carissa until 9th Jan. I'm delighted with this. She's not as impressed but meh, what can you do. Carissa likes her own company and likes to have the house to herself. She's also working alot now so I'm home alone a bit - delighted, again.
So you know that anything you read here (and especially any photos, which are only included because... I like a post with photos) is offered in the spirit of "If I can do it, so can you!"
Felony and Mayhem Press 2011
1) All books that are part of a continuing series qualify (i.e. Debbie Macomber's Cedar Cove, Janet Evanovich's Stephanie Plum, James Patterson's Alex Cross, etc. etc.)
I then brought up the next topic in our meeting. A revisit to the rules of our household.
One of the main reasons I was looking forward to moving here was four seasons. I know we will get four seasons, but it's not happening fast enough. Last year, our first snow was on Oct. 10th. I remember it well, because I was watching it rain out my bedroom window, and then I started thinking, "Wow, that rain looks really...thick." Not like any rain I had ever seen before. Then all of a sudden, it was no longer rain, but little white flakes drifting down. I actually stood there and watched as rain turned to sleet, and then snow, and I thought it was the coolest thing I had ever seen.
So here is my version of a Valentine Friend ATC on “Fun ATC”S
Besides, there’s always Old Village. It has jewelry stores, restaurants, clothing boutiques, salons, bars, etc. Old Village, in my view, never gets enough promotion by the City. If some of the traffic moves over there for a few days, I’m sure the folks in the redheaded stepchild part of town would be thankful.
Beyond this place of wrath and tears
Below that key, you should see a 9.0 key. Select the 9.0 registry key.
But I think I have a few answers as to why John Carter failed so hard - harder, in fact, than even a Uwe Boll/Pauly Shore epic.
Also noteworthy, in the April 30 continuation of the pre-trial hearing, the prosecution stated that no weapon had been recovered from the scene on the night of June 5 and that it remains unclear what the weapon that caused the deceased’s fatal wound was.
Putrajaya has moved to soothe relations with news organisations following the aftermath of the Bersih 3.0 rally, where the police were accused of injuring at least a dozen journalists.
Nothing to share tonight, did have one but both me and OH are down with flu. He hasn't got up all day, I've had to deal with kids best i can. Bless them they both jumped either side of me in bed with arms round me. Such a treat :)
My contribution to the shower is a gift for Kelly. She's a super styling lady and every new mom deserves a little decadence, even if it is in the form of a diaper tote. Celerie Kemble's Bedazzle fabric seemed like the perfect choice so I pulled out the sewing machine and set to work.
This man is working as a construction laborer at a villa. Its owner works at a labor camp in the Middle east.
Commissioned by the EU Commission and the Observatory on counterfeiting and piracy, Rand has come forward with a novel methodology for assessing the scope, scale, and impact of IPR infringements within the EU (on which see a Current Intelligence article in this Issue: ‘Measuring the scope and impact of IPR infringement in the EU’, Marius Schneider, Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2012) 7(5): 313–316). It is undisputable that previous pan-European multi-sector studies on the phenomenon of counterfeiting and piracy have their shortcomings, either because they do not allow evaluating the scale of IPR infringements within the EU internal market, or because they are financed by industry, rendering them vulnerable to criticism. Rand's approach is to return to the roots of IPR infringements, to companies themselves, since they should be the first to notice that ‘something is wrong’ in their market.
Moving on to my birthday… Erm, actually, the day before my birthday. It’s a tradition in my family to surprise the birthday celebrator (?) with a cake and have them blow out their birthday candles and eat cake at midnight (when we’d honestly rather be asleep on the weekdays) but seeing as everyone had to wake up A LOT earlier than usual the next day, I blew out my candles after dinner.
Make & Model: Honda Edix 1.7
"Hey! Remember me?"
My younger daughter sent me this list, which is meant to show French people how they sound when they speak English - or possibly to instruct them in how to speak English:
As such, I am writing from a particular point of view: the pulpit.
Boots: a store in Kalispell, Montana (the stamp on the inside says Oak Grove Farms).
Today Stampotique is sponsoring the Pile it On Challenge. The theory behind Pile It On! is to create cards, scrapbook pages or even altered items using MORE THAN ONE challenge. They have found it to be a challenge to see how many challenges they could get into one project. Stampotique is ALSO coming out with a WHOLE new slew of images! Hint: including more from Daniel Torrente , Janet Klein , Kira Nichols and a new line from Roc Nicholas! Woot! Woot!
Yes, I've been gone four months. Various family situations made it necessary for me to first leave Nepal and go to Delhi, then leave Delhi and go to Tennessee. It may not be a valid excuse, but it will just have to do for now.
to rain or not; certainty gives way:
And that, dear reader, is the challenge for 2012.
This shows you I spent my teen years in the eighties: Madonna's "Papa Don't Preach" was the first thing that popped in my head when I thought about the peach crepe I made the other day.
with her barbies in her room while
Global Warming rhetoric is still couched in the usual social justice rhetoric, aimed at the poorer kleptocracies who are eager to join the line for a handout, but its logic is poverty driven. It is not out to create wealth, but to eliminate it, on the grounds that cheaply available food or electricity is an immoral activity that damages the planet.
Anwaar: Maisa, you are too much!
Greenfingers and Moon make their way to the beach.
Here are some of my favourite search keywords from my statistics (also known as "random facts about myself and the users of internet"):
University of Maryland, talks about the future of HCI in his keynote “Technology-Mediated Social Participation: The Next 25 Years of HCI Challenges”
That was the other issue. The marshmallows like to dissolve if cooked the full time it takes to bake the cookie. So success was found halfway through the baking process when I flipped the trays and added the marshmallows to the half-baked cookies.
A bird that’s the size of most other birds’ meals.
I love the idea of little angels watching over God's children, both young and old. Sheila Walsh's 2nd book in the series, Gabby, God's Little Angel, is a sweet story around the verse Galatians: 6:9, which says:
many gods,
You need to email me 2 layouts, ONE that best showcases your style and the 2ND using the following sketch....
I'm 5'2", BTW, so it probably comes up to you normally-sized people's waists.
Here, I give you... My day in pictures. I'll have you note that my day started at 3 a.m. when a certain little tot fumbled his way to my room and into my bed. I don't have a picture of that though.
Do you find difficulty in climbing stairs up and down? Then a stairlift is the best solution to your problems. Stair lifts are mechanical devices that are used for elevating people to the top floors without the pain of climbing the stairs.
I'll start by saying we were originally scheduled to close on June 2nd. Due to some "soil testing" the start was delayed and they pushed it to June 8th. (June 8th was the day our 90 day lock expired... which I committed to because even with the delay they were preaching about how they "never miss a close date". They encouraged me to lock whenever I was ready). They didn't want to pay for the lock extension that they were obligated to pay, since my *awesome* realtor had already received that writing. Once they admitted that it probably wouldn't be June 8th, I INSISTED that we close by June 15th because we had to be out of our apartment by June 18th and I had already given our notice.
-SALMAN RUSHDIE! I have no idea if he is still under the fatwa, but I can safely say he’s not in hiding anymore, (unless he is presuming that Muslim extremists either don’t read The Daily Telegraph or refuse to visit Eastern Wales for some reason). ‘Midnight’s Children‘ remains in my Top 10 of all-time favourite books, (although anyone who knows me will realise that my Top 10′s can often consist of dozens of items!), and having read the majority of his back catalogue, I can’t wait to meet the wordsmith.
How fitting, then, that on the third day of the great Christmas Feast, we come also to the Feast of St John the Evangelist, whose writings extol and display the mystery we celebrate at Christmas – the Incarnation – most profoundly.
If you are spending your whole paycheck before you even get it, you should look for some places where you can save. It’s hard to go whole hog. You may not be able to avoid going out for meals entirely. By eating out half as many times in a month as you normally would, you will save money while still getting to go out.
We love the idea that a man can take the fruits of his labor, create a business and offer a superior product or service and become wealthy, thus allowing him to live without the worries of being able to provide for those he loves. We also love being able to provide for those we love. We love not being dependent upon a government check or program. We love succeeding on our own merit and abilities, without having some program give us something we haven't earned based upon the color of our skin, where we were born or who we love. We love the idea of true equality, where each have what they have earned, not what was stolen for them in the name of compassion. We love compassion. We love the idea of allowing people to earn their own way, reaping rewards or suffering consequences for their choices, thus teaching down through the generations the better choices which lead to success instead of the worse choices which lead to failure.
The war of 1811-1812 was in fact a very nasty and bloody conflict, unlike the earlier skirmishes. Stockenstroom was killed and Graham was lucky to escape with his life.
I got the earrings at a vintage fair. Both them and the cuff are stamped "Renoir."
Alex has a "girlfriend." A sweet girl named Macy has become his buddy. She feeds him, reads him books, holds his hand, and just loves on him. He has started to be part of the group more and more, and I frequently find him right in the middle of story time or sitting with someone playing with a car. Today he was sitting next to another little boy in a rocking chair. I think he is feeling more comfortable in his skin!
“Pass the cranberry sauce.” Kates brother.
Stockholm Text will focus on North America because of the high interest in the mystery/thriller genre as well as the rapid growth of the e-book market, but the UK and Australia are also considered core markets with a high interest in Scandinavian literature. “We know there is a ready market for these books,” says Claes Ericson, “and we know how to find these readers through social media as well as classic marketing and public relations. We are confident that once our books have been discovered, a loyal following will be the result.”
And, the authors agreed, God help the writer who picks an animal as a victim. DeMille spoke about a novel in which his hero killed three dogs. "I had so much bad reaction," he said. "But all the murder and mayhem in the book -- no one noticed."
He adds: “He’s a very impressive guy, very inquisitive, and it’s a pleasure to have him as a student. I think the degree will serve as an example for others, and he should be very proud of himself.”
I left the gym, shaky, sweating and so tired I didn’t know how I was going to manage to eat before falling face first into my bed. But I felt victorious as I slid into slumber.
In this regard Jude is reminiscent of the work of Flann O’Brien and even Buster Keaton, and it shares their plasticity of form and robust disregard for plausibility. The world is distorted this way and that, for all sorts of structural and opportunistic reasons. (Gough has described the book as being about “the bizarre love triangle between consciousness, language, and reality”.)
You see, there are many things that you kids need to look out for that are clear indications that you’re about to be dumped. Is this a happy topic to talk about? Of course not! But it’s real life…and sort of hilarious, when you think of it.
In his later years Mr. Guerra took up writing and publishing poetry again, as well as working in fiction. He would also paint and sculpt.
When you say that computer takes those steps in decision making:
Now, if you don’t mind, please smeg off and watch Red Dwarf. Thanks!
When I dont have my camera I tend to take a lot of pictures on my phone, so here are a few recent ones!
But it probably won’t.
I didn’t feel tired with the food intake, but I know I need to be more active.
Harold Washington College
mentor Willis O'Brien. As the beast claws at this
Medium Distress Inks (ReInkers)
"N30 and the campaign to date was reviewed by UNISON's Head of Local Government for Wales, Dominic MacAskill. He stressed the historic nature of the action; 30+ unions working together, the numbers on demonstrations, support from the public and the 126% increase in recruitment from the announcement of the ballot to the day of strike action itself. The lesson he drew from this however was that 'we need to be realistic' and that 'we need a negotiated settlement'. We were told that we should therefore welcome the 'Heads of Agreement' as a 'significant advance'.
Then we were talking about not making big messes and getting into things like scissors and somehow Isabelle starts asking about what happens if Daddy makes a machine that can make more kids and we end up with two more Isabelles. Heaven help me if that were to happen.
I would empower unelected bureaucrats to all-but-outlaw America’s most abundant sources of energy. And after banning its use in America, I’d make it illegal for American companies to ship it overseas.
Email for more pictures
However, I remain extremely skeptical about "seafaring" Africans (outside of Pharaonic Egyptian culture) in the megalithic era ca. 3000 BC.
1 tsp red pepper flakes
Once you have your list of agents and editors, then is the time to run things through Google, and http://www.publishersmarketplace.com, and http://www.agentquery.com. Find out who's selling what and who's buying what. Find out which of those agents and editors have moved around since you read those acknowledgments. Find out their submission guidelines and follow them.
A good friend of mine is the awards-entry wrangler at one of the largest shops in town. For years, this shop set the benchmark for creative work not just in L.A., but across the country and around the world. Sadly, for a variety of reasons - not the least of which is who used to oversee the creative and who oversees it now - this shop's glory days are at least 15 years gone. They've lost people, accounts and their reputation as a place where only greatness got out the door.
According to a February 6 Report to the Downtown Brooklyn Advisory & Oversight Committee prepared by Forest City Ratner, about $46 million in contracts had been awarded at the time, with 21 placements from the Community Labor Exchange.
me: oh
(l-r, Dave Medlin, EP's all time HS record holder in the 3200 at 9:01, Coach Doug Littlejohn, the only coach ever in El Paso history to coach an El Paso school to the Regional Track Title, in 1981, and myself.)
Other essays that were of high interest to me were the ones on the victim-blaming in government femicide awareness campaigns, as well as those that critically examined media representations of the victims. The mothers’testimonios in Part Three were also powerful–and painful–to read.
1/2 t dried basil
Laura Wood wants men to man up for, in a nutshell, the good of society. Perhaps if it were more evident that society gave a tinker's damn about men, they would be more willing to do so.
If you would hesitate to read this because it seems sensational or unnecessarily gory – trust me, it’s smoothly avoided. It’s as tasteful as possible considering the subject matter, and any potential grimness gets lost for the most part in the eloquent writing voice. He really is that good. I can’t emphasize enough how excellently he’s crafted this book. I would like him to write everything else ever from now on.
by Diane Bahr, MS, CCC-SLP
While I've started to find more winners, I am not sure that I'd buy PB2 again. It's expensive and, after a week, I'm finding that a jar doesn't go very far. Like, I'm almost out. After a week. Boo!
- One crib rail
The first thing Max said after he got the news that he would have to write a sizable check to the IRS was an explosive “What did you do, Diana?” He was sure that she hadn’t booked invoices or checks. “Did you put in the gas receipts?” After being assured that the books were correct, the Dios mio’s started flying. A series of That damn Obama‘s followed closely. In the end, we went over changes we need to make for 2012 to prevent sticker shock at the end of the year. We incorporated this year which should help. I expect Max to ask, at least a few more times, if I am “sure that Diana put in all the expenses”. I hate learning experiences, finding out that what I thought I knew is not what IS.
“The last call I received from Ms Madueke was at 6:41:35 on 4 April 2010 during which she thanked me for my contribution in influencing her appointment as Minister of Petroleum,” he said.
You will also know, that following a Consultation at one of The Doc's Surgeries, you will come away with the advice of 'Take One Bottle of White Lightening' (Cider) ringing in your ears, whatever your ailment. If things are particularly bad, you may be advised to 'Take a Bottle of White Lightening With a Bluey'. (For inexperienced Professionals, a Bluey is the tablet you take at night in the packet of Day and Night Nurse.)
Happiness can be guaranteed only by being; change and happiness exclude one another. The highest desire therefore contemplates unity with what has being. This is the formula for: the road to the highest happiness.
My grandma is a wonderful, very wise woman. She takes care of “elderly” people in her neighborhood, shopping for them, helping them with their doctor visits, and just helping with day-to-day living- and all simply out of the kindness of her heart. She’s a world traveler, cooks delicious meals, sews, and bargain shops. She even taught herself how to use the Internet last year by taking a class and she reads my blog everyday. Isn’t that awesome?!
2.Calling Lightning pt 2
Tongue twister.
Further to last week's post about spelling, I've been procrastinating with this charming game. Brilliant, of course, and much more interesting than the Population-Resources Model.
By her dear son’s side.
from when you were in my shoes.
Why do they do that?
There were, of course, lots of beers consumed and lots of unhealthy foods eaten, including bacon-wrapped dates that looked like testicles. I waited until no one was paying attention before I put one of those in my mouth -- last thing I need is someone taking pictures of me shoveling balls into my mouth and then "leaking" them online. It would destroy my good name as a goddamn family friendly blogger.
Soanyways, I have read everything that you all want me to write about and I have blog posts ready to go! I'd say expect them in the next week or so, but life just got so ridiculously busy. I need to sleep this weekend and get ahead on my homework, and that will be that.
God said "Say no more." Instantly the cat had a huge fluffy pillow.
Sincerely, Kender MacGowan
PS: Link day. Help yourself if you are so inclined. Post as many as you want, but only one per comment or the spam dragon will eat you up and I’ll never even know.
I could lay there day after day.
And who always will.
ITO Y, SUMI H, KATO T. Evaluation of influenza vaccination in health-care workers, using rapad antigen detection test. J Infect Chemother 2006; 12: 70-72.
Chastened by the event’s unholy dress disaster, I chose to bow out early and head back to my hotel. Exiting the venue in manner of Courtney Love’s long lost twin, I heard a passer-by exclaim, ‘Christ, that must have been some party!’ If only he knew the half of it!
The same is true with sex with others, be it same sex or heterosexual. Sex is to be free of wanting if we are to touch the divine. When wanting is absent, one has the experience of true presence, and this alone, with or without touch, can be soulfully orgasmic. It is a question of openness, readiness and willingness to be seen wholly, as we are without façade, fears and ego. A simple, connected gaze can lead our entire being into a different, expanded realm, one more real than what our limited perceptions and habitual personality would want us to see and believe. Sacred sexuality is not about or limited to genitalia. Sacred sex is about the force of life that flowers through the soul, meeting spirit through the body. It electrifies this moment into the fullness of being. It is living our fullest potential, realizing our magnificence and being divine incarnate. Sacred sexuality is not about the act of sex, but about reverential acknowledgement and humble awe at the spiritual force that flows through life, that we only know when we are willing to become quietly, lovingly spacious, unbound and free of all sense of disconnection.
I can hear Jane chirping down the hall.
5. Like Chris says, “The sign says school, but my heart says jail.” And they (or we) are looking for any excuse to miss a day of “jail.”
Add stock, a ladleful at a time and keep stirring, until rice is cooked
little things matter most
Saturday Sarah and I had our first adventure together at Garden Ridge. I had never been and can I just say that I am in love? They have soooo many neat things there!!!
Newly crowned Barclays Premier League champions Manchester City received the highest total payment of £60.6m, the highest broadcast payment any winner has received in the Premier League's history.
Usually this is a frustrating characteristic for a parent. I have to constantly curtail her collecting to avoid hording. It's always a struggle because she becomes emotionally attached to things. And they can be ridiculous things to want to save. She once kept the plastic shrink wrap from an Easter egg for more than two years (the egg had long since been eaten). When I throw out old craft projects that are broken she gets upset. Casia has been brought to tears when she outgrows clothes and they have to be donated.
The original of this dress was covered in pleats which were all hand stitched. Putting pleats in to latex is difficult to make look good and such fine pleating wouldn’t have worked so we decided to make it unpleated.
2 source
Putting the most stunning images on your website will likely do very little for attracting visitors.
For my PSP I am going to stop driving during the week. I will use my bicycle for all my transportation needs. In addition to riding my bicycle I am setting up a clothes line in my yard and my roommate and I are going to quit using the dryer. He might have a hard time with this so I am removing the cable off the back and hiding it
It’s probably my traditional upbringing, where my dad went out to earn the money and my mom stayed home to run a smooth, highly functioning household and do her creative work on the side, that makes me feel like having to play both roles myself is somehow too much.
11/3 - San Antonio, TX - Scout Bar
Which I why I have vowed to get out all the things I love, and enjoy them now, and get rid of the rest of my "stuff" or meaningless junk. I'm almost there. That's part of what I have been doing the last few years.
9. Unschoolers learn healthy eating/sleeping/hygiene habits because they learn to listen to their bodies needs and because they have positive relationships with role-modeling adults.
Paper Cutter (104152)
I rate this a 5/5. The whole book was good, you will laugh, cry and feel everything the characters feel.
The next day she awaited word of her fate, but instead of being arrested, she received word that the King, who it seems was again amused by her panache, was speculating that his law governed only men, and that she was free to duel at will. His hesitation gave her time to flee to Brussels until the crisis had passed."
And yes, I’m skipping around. Bare with me – I wrote these down as I walked around and thought of them and I didn’t feel like rearranging. :)
Alet notes that the two factions amongst the Afrikaners use two very different approaches to survive each day: One group demands that all the donations of food and cash go to their leader Irene Abbott (sister of the boxer) and her partner; the other group headed by ‘Willem’ is approaching their grinding povery in the communal-Christian way: teaming up and sharing their cash earned each day and sharing their food – women sew items to sell such as t-shirts and ragdolls; the men go out to earn cash with odd jobs each day and to sell homemade items – and with the cash buy food to share out amongs them all. This group – denied access to the only electricity-point by the Abbott clan - cook their food in an open communal kitchen and hold prayer meetings each morning to give them courage for the day ahead. They made a home-made boiler called a ‘donkie’ (below) to boil their water on. And they’ve scrounged some old-electricity generators which one skilled mechanic keeps running each day.
I still am on a quest for make up. It's become an obsession...seriously. And it's ok -because it's E.L.F! so I'm not even spending much money. Today, after the BBQ, I planned on going home, but then decided I was going to walgreens to get my mom a cooling mask (she got tattooed eyeliner) and even though she looked SO much better today, I thought it might be a nice thing for her to have... so instead, I went to Target, which I totally feel bad about, because I told my cousin I just wanted to go home (I totally wanted to go home, but target made sense since I needed house items, so I'm hoping she won't stab me next time she sees me...) but anyway....
skinned her of her talismans.
This part of the decision is likely to prove controversial, since almost 90% of all pharmaceutical patents are only imported into India. Therefore, under the terms of this order, all of these drugs are now susceptible to compulsory licenses in India.
some more so it
Review (by kris)(spoilers): I was lucky enough to find this manga in the beginning stages of its creation and before it became popular, and so was spared all the spoilers going around today. Death Note is really one of a kind. I love how it’s a story that uses battle of the minds instead of battle of the fists.
This doesn’t mean I’ve turned my back on sweet yuletide treats. Far from it. Over the years I’ve discovered that some, like ribbon candy, look better than they taste. Others, like sugar cookies and Aunt Anna’s Pecan Pie are nothing less than holiday kitchen icons. And yes, I’ve been drawn in by some new trend or a glossy photograph on more than one occasion. The first time it was Bûche de Noel. I was in high school and spotted one of these magnificent cakes on the cover of Ladies Home Journal or maybe it was McCall’s. Thinking it would give our Christmas Eve table a little continental flare, Bûche de Noel became my contribution to the family feast. After a few years, I got bored with the Bûche but have continued to create an ever-changing parade of festive holiday treats. Everything from cookies, cookies and more cookies to chocolate cakes and crème brûlée have made their way into and out of my oven.
Well, that is certainly an interesting question, in light of the meeting. I had never been to one of these, so it was educational.
I also love the diversity of art that I see with this swap.
Dance has done amazing things for her confidence and co-ordination amongst many other things.
Of course when DCS Williams gave evidence, Andy Coulson was still Director of Communications for the Prime Minister, Stephenson and Yates were still in place, Brooks and Hinton still worked for Rupert Murdoch, and the News of the World was the top-selling newspaper in Britain. How things change!
If you live in Florida you can come to Pop Gallery Orlando or Hoypoloi Gallery (both at Downtown Disney) or if you live in Chicago you can come to Hoypoloi in Chinatown, or at either of two locations at O'Hare airport if you are stopping through (Terminal One and Two both have Hoypoloi galleries!), you can get my large format Open Edition canvases now as well as the gallery exclusive limited editions. Open editions are signed by me, but are not numbered or embellished, large format gallery-wrapped canvases - simply stunning! If you're not in Florida or Chicago, never fear - they are happy to ship anywhere in the world and you can order by telephone or online via email.
Date Published: October 24, 2011
Grandma filled in the questions a little bit at a time. When she passed away, this book became one of my most treasured possessions.
Sadly, Jean Byrne is a no-show for the weather report. Maybe she turned up naked tonight. So there you have it.
#733 - Kaagaz Ke Phool (1959) - (#719 on TSPDT) Tragic figure Guru Dutt's final film as a director (though he may have ghost directed others after this) is a look at the film industry in India, and more specifically, one director (played by Dutt, as was the norm in his films) and his attempt at creating art and loving the star that will eventually become bigger than he. With similar motifs to Fellini's 8 1/2 a few years later, Dutt's film (a financial and critical flop which led to his quitting directing) is one of those works than can be called haunting without the term seeming all that clichéd. Out of the eight films Dutt directed between 1951 and 1959, I would place this one second to his one near masterpiece Pyaasa.
My husband and I are sick with strep. We’ve been at this for about a week. This is the light at the end of the tunnel. I can’t wait for dinner tonight. If you are of Alabama, this soup is a lot like Surin’s Spicy Chicken Coconut Soup, but it’s with crab, and waaaaaay better.
While on the pier waiting for the Gull to glide past we were kept busy watching and photographing four Shags that came in close to the harbour wall as Kittiwakes and Herring Gulls passed by. Joined by Brendan we waited patiently for the Gull that seemed reluctant to show itself so we busied ourselves taking photos of Turnstones and Kittiwakes that were perching
Anelli, Melissa. Harry, A History: The True Story of a Boy Wizard, His Fans, and Life Inside the Harry Potter Phenomenon. Pocket, 2008.
Into all the blankets and pillows,
It almost feels as if everyone I work with now is more real than before, sharing some sort of adventure. You know: wait tables by day and write a groundbreaking novel at night-the characters based loosely on a cast of regular customers. But the truth is, I don’t know of anyone doing that. All they do is come in the next morning saying “I really don’t want to be here right now… I can’t believe I had that many drinks last night. I was so f***ed up”
Thank you to those of you who offered all of the great suggestions for a "New Name" for, what will soon no longer be called, "Chessington Plaza". I have decided on a name and have e-mailed a friend of mine in Paris to ask the proper French phrasing for my choice. So as soon as she responds I will tell you what it is going to be.
Two types of leaves exist on a lot of trees, not all, but enough to frustrate you if you’re using google to look up pictures of leaves and the same species comes up with several different looking leaves. Now, do not confuse this a picture of what someone claims to be a sugar maple with seven points vs. another picture of one with three points. The only major differences in the leaves are thickness of the leaf and how wide or narrow the curves are between the points.
From the above you can see that if Verizon ‘gets’ SpectrumCo holdings, they end up with more than twice that of AT&T (and almost twice that of T-Mobile) While 2GHz (AWS) spectrum is good at filling in density, it is NOT as good as 700MHz & 800MHz spectrum for in-building penetration and broad coverage. Take a look at the 700MHz holdings (below from http://www.fiercemobilecontent.com/pages/top-700-mhz-and-aws-license-holders#jump).
child endangerment and driving
so let check the features of the new ACE 2 of the pack…
"London's Burning" The Clash
I hope to attend the launch of Census 3, The Third Seven Towers Anthology at the Irish Writers Centre, 19 Parnell Square on this Wednesday 22 February at 7 o’clock. I'm delighted to be included. I submitted three poems and I'm not sure which one has been included.
Be different, anyway.
If you choose to sell, you might set a date for a yard sale. Or, take some photos of these items with your digital camera, and put them up for sale at an online auction Web site.
4. Don’t be afraid to trust your instincts and stand by your convictions. This is a sticky one and a thankless one. This one has earned me more nasty nicknames than I care to admit - Mrs. Right; Mrs. Never Wrong; Mrs. Always Right, etc. I get this thrown in my face more times than I also care to admit. But my husband knows that if I am being particularly stubborn, it perhaps rates a second, third, and maybe a fourth look. Your opinion does count – you do have a voice and you are important. There is another side to this also – knowing when to admit defeat – with grace. A little self-deprecation doesn’t hurt either.
Steps 2 & 3: Cover cookies with fondant, and pipe a decorative border with royal icing. You definitely do not have to pipe a border; I did to make the cookies a little bit fancier. You can also add sparkling/sanding sugar, sprinkles, non-pareils, etc to the borders if you like. Let the fondant dry before decorating, preferably overnight.
This year, in my part of the world at least, one could be forgiven for assuming that St George’s Day had been cancelled! No flags or buntings, no celebrations, no dedicated evenings in local pubs and restaurants, no staged events. When I visited Trafalgar Square in the early evening of yesterday, I met only a small handful of celebrants, and sadly there were no red
May 21 - May 23 - George & Carol
Comcast tossed my wife and I away this week. At first I was angry, though now I find myself moving to a place of hurtful acceptance. To be fair, this had to be at least partly my fault. I’d let myself go over the years and, as customers go, I’d become pudgy and so very predictable.
She also adds that we should walk the plot barefoot from time to time and suggests standing in different places first thing in the mornings and pouring water over our bodies (before showering). Also, soaking our feet in the evenings and using the soak water to water the plants. These may seem strange suggestions to some, but if you’re familiar with the body’s natural cleansing methods, it is actually very practical. We’re just talking the sweat (which carries toxins from our body) and offering it to the soil for the plants to soak up. They will use this information to formulate their fruits. She also gives practical advice on bee keeping, which I’m very excited to try someday when we are in a long term residence. The earth and all living things in it are our friends, are here to assist us. All we need is to re-remember how to let them, to communicate with them, to be a friend back. Life is not this artificial world we have built and allowed to confine us. Life is in the natural world. All that matters can be learned and obtained there.
Despite the lack of depth
No hope.
Don't even go there if you're on a diet. But this is a party!
And on the wet grey day that today has turned out to be I enjoyed playing around creating a seasonal background for them with our pumpkins waiting to be carved and a few faded blooms from the drippy garden............
She needs to turn that energy toward the school system starting with the local schools and ultimately to the School Board from the front of the dais.
This month we are welcoming the lovely and super talented Dora into the Designer Spotlight :-) If you haven't visited her blog before then you are in for a treat. Please give her a nice warm welcome and pop by her blog to leave her a comment xx :-)
The death you deserve,
Absolutely all of the top-elite officers of these services appear to be convinced, without a shadow of a doubt, about Human Generated Climate Change (HGCC). All of those I have met consider it to be both real and one of the greatest challenges of our time.
About Betti Ono
So, in regard to a post of mine a while ago, I was going to post up a couple of bits and bobs that I had been working upon for my final year, the piece de resistance being my dissertation topic of a warped and sexualised re-imagination of Little Red Riding Hood. I have, however, encountered a little snag.
500g braising beef, cut into big pieces
The Biter: Yeah, you can’t just leave after all of that…
This is a M1937 45mm anti tank gun with crew and Komsomolets tractor. All the models are from Bolt Action. The gun itself was developed in 1937 (hence the name) based on the German 37mm under a license bought from Rheinmetal, only with a larger calibre. Not that it was much more effective against armour then it´s German counterpart and was replaced in 1942 with a longer barreled version (which again ceased being effective only one year later).
When things are rough.
More importantly Abaya Collection will be sponsoring and supporting an event in Slough on August 8th 2010 where money raised will be sent to Gaza via the Convoy called Road to Hope departing in October. At the event there will be a fashion show directed by Ashia in addition to a number of stalls and activities. The aim of this convoy is to take humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza in order to provide as much aid and comfort as possible. The Road to Hope is apolitical cause and all volunteers seek to achieve humanitarian ends. The cause in Gaza is something important to Ashia and the collaboration in raising money for the convoy reflects in the importance business’ play in charity. Further information can be found on the Hijablicious website and facebook page.
In pursuit of that, I have been dipping into a book borrowed from my Dad - a translation into Spanish of a not-particularly-good English detective story. It hasn't been a good choice, except for one line.
Preheat oven 325 ° F
Mommy: (barks out laughing... for like a few minutes) Okay, now, tell me what really happened.
Thanks to a new Atlantic Coast Conference-sponsored program, ACC athletes can give back to kids in the communities that host the conference’s championship tournaments. ACC Community Connections facilitates opportunities for ACC athletes to share life lessons with local elementary and middle school students. Read more here.
But dumb till that dread day when Orc assay’d his fierce embrace.
Ryan felt torn between the words of the man he admired and the feelings in his own heart. To himself, he whispered “I hate him.”
Please forgive me
It becomes harder and harder. Our souls become heavy and we find it hard to carry on as if nothing has happened. The imprint is there and it’s not leaving.
In addition to the above payments, the licensee may have to pay separately for specific technical services the licensor may provide in connection with the licence. These may be considered under three main headings (a) training programmes for licensees personnel, (b) specific technical services performed in the licensor`s works and facilities, such as special drawings, and (c) technical experts supplied by the licensor to the licensee’s plant.
However, we should no forget that the “R” word is a multi-purpose tool and its uses are not just defensive, it is at its most effective when it is used as an offensive weapon with which to bludgeon opponents or as a smear in order to damage the reputation of those who refuse to dance the diversity foxtrot.
Asked what he meant by singing those words, Nhlapo replied: "I have the right not to comment. I prefer not to say what I meant'.
Kit includes:
This is a favorite picture of mine. We were going to a Halloween party.
Even though I wrote recently about feeling ready to marry again, when I’m honest with myself, I know that I still have a lot of fear there. Having one’s first marriage crash and burn can make you a little gun-shy, I guess. I’m so much more aware this time around of the potential for error and the possibility for hurt. The first time around even the concept of failure was so foreign to me that it never once entered my thought process. This time I know that even with the best of intentions, even with all the love in the world, things can sometimes still go wrong.
With their heavy handed message the V Magazine Size Issue suggests that today fashion is not simply about beauty in the traditional sense, but rather in the most stunning and interesting way we can find it. So if this is the aim, women of more varied sizes can be used for true fashion spreads. Renn and Burlesque dancer Miss Dirty Martini prove the idea that perhaps thin models do not need to be banished, but rather placed next to equally stunning Botticelli beauties.
I have seen irony in all corners of my sheltered, simple life. In 4th grade (this was in elementary), my ultimate crush courted my best friend. That same guy courted me in 4th year high school and it didn’t go well because… well, because he courted my newer best friend. I have disproportionate body parts where if you cut my body in half, the other half would pass as a model while the other half would pass as an obese little girl (I’m not sure if that’s ironic but whatever). Here’s the biggest irony, seven years ago my father was diagnosed of cancer of the tongue. He is a math teacher. He speaks for a living.
Me: So "fart" means happy?
Unsuspecting observers raved after catching glimpses of the proposed competitions during April, 2012.
I don’t know whether he did confess because I never did visit his parents, but I imagine that I’d taught him a good lesson.
Sleeping Beauty Castle in the California and Hong Kong Disneyland parks is inspired by Germany's Neuschwanstein Castle.
THE CABAL INTENDED TO SACRIFICE THE ISRAELI PEOPLE
What the bloody hell is it expanding into?
Frame Largest Spellbinders 25. I cut round the outside of the largest one by hand to make the gold frame.
Bags of seeds
In his reply, he said this:
Just because they had a reality show that clearly exhibited to the world their incredible addiction problems, doesn’t mean it was his fault.
Obama is just another tin-pot dictator living lavishly at the expense of his subjects, while giving the American taxpayers grief about executives and their corporate jets!
Instead of the bordering-on-jello lemon filling thickened with liberal amounts of corn starch, I did a smooth and juicy lemon curd. This really is how all lemon meringues should be. The little bear ate a huge slice and asked for seconds. It went so fast, in fact, I didn’t get any pictures of the lovely lemon curd center.
It was then that she started researching e-books and discovered that for every $2.99 book she could sell, she could keep 70%, with the rest going to the online bookseller. For every 99-cent book she could sell, she could keep 30%.
I feel like I am dusting myself off and coming out from my hole to the light.
A cursory search of the Internet shows studies to determine if you sleep better on one side versus the other (right versus left, not top versus bottom), or if it matters in a relationship, which seems to dictate that the man sleeps closest to the door, which I usually do by virtue of the room design. There's no feng shui of bed side that I can find. I don't even understand the feng shui diagrams available on Google, though admittedly I didn't try very hard.
Cauliflower-winter crop and they take up too much room
Neurotypical (NT/non-autistic) score in this section: 23 of 54
Now, first, let’s see if Solomon “multiplied horses” in violation to God’s command:
True Random Number Generator from Random.org
Holy Thursday, one of my favorite liturgies of all time (ever since I went to my first one at least 15 years ago — honestly I can’t calculate tonight how long ago it was when I first went to one, but I know the first time I went was for extra credit in grade school)! Why is Holy Thursday so important and why is it one of my favorite liturgies of all time? Well, tonight I’ll attempt to answer that as well as shed some personal takes on the liturgy.
Happy baking and a big, big thank you again to all the amazing mothers in my life!
· Assist teams to adopt and refine new development methodologies (i.e. Agile)
You have been hiding so long,
'Me,' Mike says.
Yeah this is the third consecutive post on technology!! Of course just my random thoughts on whatever!!
Ironman is extremely difficult and requires months and months of training. It is the ultimate race boasting a total of 140.6 miles completed. Even the smaller Half-Ironman yields 70.3 miles traveled. Iron Girl however, is a sprint distance triathlon yielding a total of 21.2 miles (give or take a few miles, depending upon the race).
a : the portion of the vertebrate central nervous system enclosed in the skull and continuous with the spinal cord through the foramen magnum that is composed of neurons and supporting and nutritive structures (as glia) and that integrates sensory information from inside and outside the body in controlling autonomic function (as heartbeat and respiration), in coordinating and directing correlated motor responses, and in the process of learning — compare
She noted that FAC was recently chosen with a team of for-profit developers to develop a project at Public Place in Gowanus that “will deliver more affordable housing” than the revised Atlantic Yards plan, at one-tenth the cost to the public. (An apples to apples comparison isn't easy, however, so let's just say the cost issue deserves more scrutiny._
A good college friend from St. Louis came up and stayed with me Thursday through Sunday.
“Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles. And let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us.” Hebrews 12:1
The best revolution would be the realization that all of us are connected at some level. Our individual selves are necessary, but they aren’t sufficient for living in the fullness of reality.
Update on 4/26/2012: I’m way behind on the schedule for this, because it’s the first novel I’ve ever seriously tackled, and also this particular story is difficult for a number of reasons. However, that’s not a bad thing. It is, after all, centered around a hypothetical terrorist attack on the Statue of Liberty on the Fourth of July; it probably would be better to publish this after that holiday is over for 2012. I’m setting a new publishing goal of mid-July, somewhere between the 15th and the 21st.
On our way home, I caught a salamander for the kids. I was actually getting worried that I wasn't going to be able to catch one for them. It was Saturday and we'd been there since Wednesday, and I'd blown the only chance I'd gotten thus far by not being quick enough. But this time, I caught one. :) I'm not sure who was more excited, me or the kids!
You may recall that last year, we did an Episode Zero in which we relaxed our usual spoiler policy slightly, and just talked about what we know about the upcoming series of Doctor Who unencumbered by our usual musical score or our pace-setting editing trickery.
“What do you do when you go away on holiday?”
Netherne-on-the-Hill
Regardless, with change and time and added liberties comes a much needed equality. The lesbianas are dressing better. Like all women out there, we’re fighting for more dollars. And we’ve decided if they can’t sustain more than one night at a goddermed lesbian bar than feck it, we’re going to the cool-looking venue for the gay boys. So, it’s time…
Each year, the tour plans to hit the different regions of the state. Next year, it will be in the Northwest and the following, will be in the Southeast. Anyone involved in agriculture or just wants to take the motorcycle out is welcome to come along for the ride. For more information, contact Carl Mattson at carl@mattsonfarms.com.
in Nigeria in the nearest future
And that pretty much told Charlie he would never tell his mom what happened. Nope, never. She’d think he was a freak.
I’m sure that the two players described above hope that their rookie seasons come close to that of the previous years number 1 pick. If they do we will all know that these sleazy shock news reports were just draft fodder to drum up controversy right before 8pm April 26, 2012 at Radio City Music Hall in New York, NY.
know that the way to so shine is to
Online picture viewing one month after the wedding date
The easiest way to get reviews for your book is to create fake profiles and then review it yourself. (You'll be sure to get a 5 star rating!) However, many authors don't feel right about doing this. The next best way to get reviews for your book is to ask friends and family to read it and to post a review. They'll be likely to give you a favorable review, but you won't have to coach them on what to write. You can also send the staff at Amazon a copy of your book (digitally, of course) to review. They aren't likely to give you a bad review. Even if they don't like your book, they're more likely to just ignore your request. But chances are that you'll get an easy favorable review. The more reviews you get, the higher your book will appear in search results.
Waste Reduction Benefits
April is all about Spring. Spring cleaning and spring purging! I love to purge down in the spring, it always seems to bring a fresh and simple feeling to the home.
determine by May 15, 2012, whether or not they would sign. In light of these
Several weeks ago, the first unexpected package came. It was a bundle of photos that our nephew had sent to us. Apparently he had been going through his late mother's photos, and set aside those that he thought we would like. He couldn't have know this, but included in those photos was the youngest baby picture of my husband that I've ever seen.
Addison: Mommy, I want to watch you put drops in Jackson's ear.
Of course, guests were ecstatic at the fresh new recipes, flavors and all good things that I now forget. The caterer has even suggested making me a business partner. But to me this event underscored one point, which I strive to achieve almost persistently. Modesty works, and nowhere better that with food :) And a small town caterer, a village cook and a fancy blogger got together to make a phenomenal wedding menu.
I know, I know...so behavioristic! I'm not a huge propronent of this philosophy but something had to give. We'll do this for a week or two until things settle down, then we'll take a break and see what happens. I generally find this stuff works for a little while, usually just long enough for mommy not to lose her mind, and really, isn't that what it's partially about!!
Giggle.
Image - Pillowtalk from Sugar Nellie at Funky Kits
- There is no way to look at today's outing by Joaquin Benoit's and not be concerned. Tigers manager Jim Leyland should strongly consider flipping roles and making Octavio Dotel their primary setup man.
Equals 35 years down with a lot of living and loving to go!
of Coffee as a way of buying myself time I wouldn't know
The last game got pushed to Friday because of a rain out earlier in the week and that was just fine because then we could actually go out like big kids and be festive with the drinking of spirits and such. It was not quite as heart stopping as the game the night before and we were also a tad worn down from staying up so late watching said game and then dragging ourselves to work the next day BUT it was still a great game- and who cares how it all went down- they won the World Freaking Series!
- Washable fabric lining with large pouch pockets for makeup and four elastic holders for bottles
2 tablespoons dry milk powder
“Our thoughts may be an inexhaustible and simple resource that can be called upon to focus our lives, heal our illnesses, clean up our cities and improve the planet. We may have the power as communities to improve the quality of our air and water, our crime and accident statistics, the educational levels of our children. One well-directed thought may be a gentle but effective way for every man and woman on the street to take matters of global interest into their own hands.”
Tyler "I was listening you were not and you still aren't" As he picks up the pace.
Quite the simple layout overall - adding pages to my wonderful scrapbook from the ladies of the Sisterhood. I've added two posts already and it's just about time to start another book since the original is getting quite full. Fun stuff.
124 4. “Who Will Educate the Educators? On the Proposed Closing of the Downtown Center of the University of Chicago.” University of Chicago Maroon, January 29, 1974, p. 5. (Source: Item D-I/18(A)/1974, below.)
Life before him was like the sky without the sun. Like a bowl of cereal without milk. My like was like a… I’ve run out of comparisons. As you can tell I’m not much of a writer. I’m more of an artsy person. I capture moments on a canvas, and leave the rest up to the people.
I hadn’t thought of it like that but I think you’ve hit the nail on the head. As I say, the existence of some form of free-will is crucial to everything. So, we can make the small decisions and therefore affect outcomes. But things also happen to us which we could not control or predict. (And prediction only makes sense in the sense of “likely consequence” – chaos theory intrudes when we look ahead too far.) So there’s no point in worrying too much. Of course, we do worry about the future, because we’re human and we can’t always control our thoughts, but we do ourselves no favours when we worry about the far-off bits and other aspects that are not in our control.
of the unstable banquet within
And tyranny reigns for Liberty has fled.
05. A Little One
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.
Buttons - kind of success. I am thinking if I used Rit dye - they would have turned out good. Here is the link at Rit dye on how to dye buttons - CLICK HERE.
5. Sometimes expectations are the traveler’s worst enemy
Acts 27:27
11. I'm okay with unschooling for academics, but the radical unschooling lifestyle seems like too much! How do I relax about:
I managed to read 2 full books — Shadow, by Michael Morpurgo and Distant Shores, by Kristin Hannah — as well as about 100 pages or so more of The Historian, a book I started to read during the Bout of Books readathon two weeks ago (and, yet, I’m still not halfway through it!). I was hoping to get around to reading The Secret Garden today, but thought my time would be better spent continuing The Historian, since it’s been quite a few days since I’ve read anything from it.
As for the “human connection” theme, the connections Jensen promises are buried within the deep lyrics if one wishes to go searching for them. However it is far too easy to get lost in the fast music and harmonious sounds of Simon’s voice. The repeat listener will be highly rewarded with finding new meaning behind each song with each successive listen.
The 30 thousand word block hit me, and it hit me hard. I had read from other authors that getting up to the 30k mark will be easy. But once you get past it, you’ll run aground. When I started getting close to it I thought they were crazy. I was blazing through the word count. Pulling in close to 3k words per chapter and sailing for the horizon.
Once caramelized, its time to set the pan on a baking sheet and seal with a crust of some sort. This skillet was HOT! Check out the bubbling brown butter/sugar goodness...
For the next six months I learned all the secret ways into buildings and saw the City I love from a different perspective. I was an urban tourist exploring biker bars, union rallies, and living among the immortal class. It made me appreciate San Francisco all the more.
Way back when I started mtn biking - Dave told me that finding the right mtn bike was difficult. You needed to know what your style of riding and what type of "feel" you like in order to find the right bike. I mentally rolled my eyes at this and thought 'huh? a bike is a bike - how can the same thing be so different from model to model??"
Hey Dad, is that you?
I leave insti junta with two thoughts. A – Why are the student leaders and even the student body, some of the brighter minds in the country, being so peacefully manipulated by a small group of people (Just to be clear, the Diro’s reaction was just that; not that he is in any position to be more liberal minded, but it happens anyway). B – Again, why is there such a such a significant lack of accountability from your elected student body. Remember, its a democracy and while this might be difficult to enforce in a huge country like India, it sure as hell is peaceful in IITM. I can say this from experience. In this respect, I would like to bring to junta the existence of SAC and a SAC speaker. Read your constitution and you will see he is mandated to hold a minimum number of meeting, exclusive of emergencies. It is one of the few official student bodies, it is not like the erstwhile redundant SAC secretary position in the hostels. He is chosen for exactly that reason – to keep a check on the workings of your executive wing and to voice your concerns in open forum. Use it, and if need be impeach people. Its time things changed.
Leaf number two.
too?
What does intelligence have to do with it anyway? One might reasonably ask. The reason for its mention is that in an article for the Guardian website today, Nick Spencer, director of studies for theology think-tank Theos, interprets Ecklund’s findings from the perspective of the relative intelligences of the professionally scientific and the followers of religion. In the second shocking conclusion of the day (theists, it’s your turn to look away), Spencer freely admits that Christianity is ‘a faith for the simple’. Using Richard Dawkins’s vocabulary of the “scientific elite” back against him, Spencer reminds his readers that Christianity contains a principally non-elitist philosophy. Christianity, he explains, by design appealed to the less educated masses and social underclasses, something Christ and his apostles both relished and regretted, for it meant being continually misunderstood by the intelligent upper echelons of society. It is not surprising, to Spencer, to find that the Christianity is less represented in Dawkins’s elite than it is in the wider population.
You're not the last you're not the first
12. Blind Vision – Tanz den Teufel (4:47)
The young man knew he'd be no good at pacing in a waiting room..........
***SPREAD THE WORD TO THE WORLD ON FACEBOOK about this release & whatever connections you may have! Let us know on
They say you need a woman to tread your heart like grapes, they say you need your blood to ooze between her toes before you’ll holler and hurl.
A direct threat to the health of millions worldwide is being hyped by the media, continuing the anti-science, anti-fact, and pro-illness agenda of environmental organizations to ban BPA, a chemical that protects against food-borne disease and increases the safe use of all plastic containers.
I will pass along more info when I can please keep him and his family in your prayers.
Love the leather jacket and the mystery behind this Doctor. How did we get from 8 to 9? What guilt is he bearing for the Time War? Its a wonderful, complicated, emotional Doctor.
Right at the end of last year, I discovered that I have a medical condition that affects my spine, called scoliosis. Put very simply, it means my spine is twisted, for no other reason than ‘it happens’ during growth spurts, when one side of the spine grows faster than the other. Instead of looking like an exclamation mark, my vertebrae now form a lopsided question mark. Having been diagnosed, I spent the first half of the year getting to grips with accepting that these unexpected, rather different curves and shifted-sideways shapes of my body were the new me that I’d be inhabiting for the rest of my life. I was pretty much told by that first consultant that I’d just have to get used to it. Mostly, I didn’t really notice, and given that I’ve never been one for clingy, scanty or revealing clothes, neither did anyone else. I was also able to control my increasing back pain using the Alexander Technique and Cranial Osteopathy and to conceal the more obvious mis-shapes with careful clothing, wide belts, my long hair and good camera angles. But, like Jack’s beanstalk, I continued to grow… and, though I was ignoring the signs, by the end of the summer, we began to suspect that the curvature had worsened significantly. It had - and when a spine twists further, it forces ribs and shoulder blades into ever more buckled distortion and begins to squeeze rather important bits of insides.
ummm, we really should've double checked our sources.
My dreams
ERIN'S EXTRA RAK CONTEST!!!
We went to a few garage sales on Friday but skipped the auction. Just too much going on and we really do not need the merchandise. We have plenty for our next sale, which will be at the little Shelton Suburb called Matlock. Just a wide spot in the road really but they have “The Old Timer’s Fair” every year and it attracts thousands of visitors. My sister, Dixie has been setting up her antiques and collectables booth for many years and managed to procure a space for us. It should be a lot of fun.
For there is one Person of the Father, another of the Son, and another of the Holy Ghost.
This loft at the Belgian seaside, has the colors of the sea, all nuances that go from green to blue, grey to chalky white walls, colors of the foam created by waves. The place is decorated with beautiful antique furniture with an aged patina.
I’ve seen this band live twice and the first time I went, it was in between Hybrid Theoryand Meteora…when their shit was heavier. The fans were heavier, rougher, louder, and more fun. The second show was after Minutes to Midnight had been released…I was in college at the time. When I was in the audience, being there almost felt illegal. I was surrounded by young teenage girls that mistook their naivety for angst. They were all clad in skinny jeans, dark eyeliner, millions of those colored gummy braceletes, and Chuck Taylors. (A look I sported before it became the Emo staple).
Look. I’m not angry. Just disappointed.
Many of my new mleccha friends are in the process of donating or selling off or otherwise getting rid of their possessions. Been there, done that! In any case I neither have enough money for lot of stuff nor enough space to have material possessions that I do have money for.
Do your homework, do your legwork, but whatever you do don’t assume that you’ll never have to deal with threats like these. Society has fostered a false sense of security among folks that “Oh that’ll never happen to me” and I’ve heard that over and over again in a lot of reports from victims of organized violent groups.
I really geared myself up for this weekend. I got plenty of rest ahead of time, took my vitamins, lifted my weights, ate my protein. I was ready.
Boot tray: Smith and Hawken for Target
Deli meats, chips, sodas, gallons of tea and lemonade
So many updates are all about Emmett, solely because that is my life these days. I love Sir Cheeks, but he is a time-consuming little man. Babies! They cry for a bottle and then barf it all over you! This is my life. Feed the bean, wipe spit-up off of him and me.... lather, rinse, repeat.
The United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group (NSWDG), also known as DEVGRU for short, or more commonly known by it's former name, SEAL Team Six.
Trying to impress your pretty girlfriend and friends by stepping out of that suburban comfort zone.
A young woman went to her mother and told her about her life and how things were so hard for her. She did not know how she was going to make it and wanted to give up. She was tired of fighting and struggling. It seemed as one problem was solved a new one arose.
That would equate to an area in the same room, as the size of a small pin.
Remember what occurred last month on the 12th? This graceful swan took a tumble. I am laughing while I type this because if any of you know me in person, you know that the last word that would ever describe me is graceful. I am a world class klutz! I trip over my own feet perhaps on a daily basis, I have tumbled down a desert hill resulting in jumping cholla cactus in my hand and butt (tweezers were required to remove same) and I have even fallen out of a parked car. I wear my clumsy shame as a badge! I’m not graceful so I will be damned good at being the best klutz out there. At least this is what I tell myself, but I really need help! Stand clear folks or you may take a tumble with me.
I left the office confused and frankly nervous. What if there was something wrong with her kidneys or her bladder? What if she needed more interventions or surgery?
The girl stopped moving and looked up at her father. The distraught man looked down at his daughter and then back at Ariela.
I thought long and hard about what part of Organization I wanted to share with each of you, and finally settled on the Kitchen-the hub of our home. We have two beautiful daughters who have ALWAYS been on the go with sports/activities, so keeping our kitchen organized was essential to things running smoothly. Lunches were easy to pack, meals easily prepared, and any necessary paperwork/information was always within reach. So, with that said...I'll walk you around a few places of importance in our kitchen.
The Liberal Democrat Friends of Palestine regret the resignation of the party whip by Baroness Tonge and offer her their full support. Her resignation follows condemnation of her by the party leadership for remarks she made in a meeting at Middlesex University last week. The condemnation was made before the leadership had heard her side of the story or even spoken to her. That action in itself worries us. She is entitled to an apology.
At the Baratheon camp, Petyr continues to orchestrate some major plotting with his slithery words persuading others and while it is on behalf of the king, you just know that whatever Lord Baelish does, there will always be something in it for him. Finn Jones gave an unconvincing performance as the grieving revenge-driven lover of Renly. His emotion was forced whereas Natalie Dormer revelled in her role with Margarey slowly asserting herself as another player in the Game of Thrones. Brienne and Catelyn escaped after Renly was stabbed by the mysterious shadow and the pledging scene that followed was the most corny moment of season two, but necessary nonetheless.
If you're already registered and you're drawn as a winner, you can choose a 50% refund of your Spring Training purchase price OR a $25 gift certificate to use on anything you want on ellapublishing.com!
NOOOOO!!! this will not do! where is the barely concealed loathing for the other remnants of your species? where is the anger, the rage, the total nihilism? this is not what i expect from Saturday in 101 Reykjavik!
Anyway, I'm impressed with the sacrifices that women make when it comes to having children. They are troopers for putting up with all the discomforts and the outright pain and sacrifice that accompanies bearing children. This is yet one more reason that supports my theory that women are way cooler than guys.
Dear World,
Perhaps it is the height of selfishness, but I hope that there is something of me in the presents I give, whether it is store-bought or hand-made. I would like my gifts to reflect a value that I share with others, not one that is assigned by retailers and advertisers. For the past few years, I have been making items - knitted hats and scarves, homebaked treats - to give as presents on holidays and special occasions, and I continue to do so this Christmas. These gifts are tangible, to be enjoyed by taste or by feel, but they also hold intangible wishes for even more cherished things that I hope we all receive in abundance. With just three days left before Christmas, I'd like to share some of these gifts within gifts with you.
I think I’m running out of options so am eating all the carbs in the house because I’m a canny Scot who doesn’t want to see anything go to waste; there’s still some mashed potatoes and white flour left (though that’s actually out of date – but who takes any notice of dates?).
9 Both Sides 5:05
***Note to self - turn brain back on! Went to the Robert Sabuda website, to add the link, and discovered all the wonderful pop ups to make. There's even a pop-up Boba Fett!(!!) I'm sure it wasn't all there the last time I looked O_o
But right and reasoned lore cry out against the lewd abuse. We don't know whether Sir Lawrence dabbled in alchemy, what we call chemistry now, but we do know that it was one of the great interests of the tutor of his younger years, Sir Thomas Smith, who was renowned for his personal laboratory, where he experimented with distilling the juices of plants into medicines that he used to doctor himself and his friends. This endeavor was misunderstood by the ignorant, and labelled sorcery, which may explain the poet's defensive tone. He continues:
Wee bitch, eh?
Clark's dough recipe calls for combo of whole wheat and white flour, a little sugar and an egg. The dough was quick to make and easy enough to roll out. The filling requires little more than the plums and sugar. I added some cinnamon for a little depth of flavor and lemon zest to counterbalance that.
Prior to this month's choice, by Julie of Little Bit of Everything, I had never baked Madeleines. I have seen them, and the pans for them, but never had any desire to try them. They looked to me to be fussy cookies, and I assumed they would be a lot of work and they just didn't interest me. Having said all that, when I saw that it was Julie that had picked this recipe I decided I had to give it a go. The fact that they were chocolate madeleines certainly didn't hurt. :)
On last week’s edition of Real Time, Bill Maher argued during the panel discussion that Mitt Romney should be giving money to an actual charity rather than just the standard tithe to the Mormon church. Maher’s comments were immediately picked up by the conservative blogosphere, and in his final New Rule tonight, Maher defended what he said by arguing that while the Mormon church does good works, unlike most charities, it is not their main focus.
Once you have chosen your photos, click "Create." If you wish to edit it, click on "Edit" at the top of the mosaic. Then you can go back and delete or change any photos, background colors, etc. When you are satisfied, click on "Save" at the top of the page.
IslandWood's dedication to the community through lifelong learning, education by hands-on learning, and its commitment to stewardship shows what can happen when people work together.
The strangest part is... none of my kids are sick.
ZZ TOP: Neighbor, Neighbor
Pour the ingredients in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well and strain into a frozen cocktail glass filled with cracked ice. Garnish with a pineapple flag or a single maraschino cherry.
-"But the name on the marriage certificate is different."
I am re-posting the below video called "Where is Khaled?" to keep his story alive. Khaled's family was not allowed any contact with him for almost two months. In May family members were allowed to visit him in prison and reported that "he had lost weight and was depressed." As far as I have read about the case, he is being detained as a political prisoner without any legal recourse.
And a nap with nobody but me.
Action/Drama, Rated PG, 95 Minutes
Or my "lil second cousins" are now frosh and sophs in high school as well...
The funny money was given many names — cruzeiro, cruzado, cruzado novo, cruzeiro real — in search of an elusive credibility. But Brazil had only one name: instability. Then came the introduction of the real in 1994, solid democratic institutions, monetary reform, privatizations, booming commodities, trade with China, massive oil discoveries — and pizza margarita at $45.
The red one submissions and feedback from critique group.
“There is too many photographic evidence. When the dust settles, the truth will emerge,” she said.
The fact that these plants were in need of transplanting so early in the year is another indication to me that this year's spring will be abundant. Time will tell if my prediction proves to be correct.
Born in Baltimore in 1929, Rich was the elder of two daughters of a Jewish father and a Protestant mother – a mixed heritage that she recalled in her autobiographical poem “Sources.” Her father, a doctor and medical professor at Johns Hopkins University, encouraged her to write poetry at an early age.
Finally, in Blackpool over the weekend, 2,000 EDL supporters gathered to protest about police negligence regarding the murder — and alleged processing into a kebab — of Charlene Downes. Takeaway owners Iyad Albatikkhi and Mohammed Reveshi were found not guilty of her murder after the trial sensationally collapsed amidst accusations of police “incompetence, manipulation and lies”.
I made this early this morning and dropped it off at my folk's house. My mom works at an elementary school so she brought it to the teacher's lounge.
Elli Fisher has never thought she was good enough. Let it be her job, her weight, her love life, nothing, she was convinced she couldn’t do anything right. She had walked through life for the past six years in a daze, never thinking that life could be good again after the abuse she endured from her ex boyfriend. She is lonely, sad, and depressed, that is until she meets Shea Adler. After doing a promotional shoot for the NHL team, the Nashville Assassins, she meets the hunky hockey player who shoots a puck, shattering her world.
Defence Minister Lindiwe Sisulu revealed in December that chartered flights for VIPs spiked from R3.6m in 2009 to R16.9m last year.
The Sisters Of Mercy quickly led me to other bands such as The Mission, (Wayne and Craig left The Sisters to form The Mission) The Cure and Jesus And Mary Chain. Much to my surprise of course, I found out The Cure had been going for ages so I got into them late but in a big way. Sadly, they were at their darkest and most gothic in the early 80′s when I was a Duranie!
Here's an easy yet simple recipe to make a healthy and delicious alternative to french fries for dinner. The great part about the recipe is it is easy to scale the portion size, and you get to control the amount of sodium and oil that goes into the dinner. No deep frying, just beautifully browned potatoes.
We men – lie sometimes.
Marvel Studios has spent the last three years bringing superheroes to the silver screen with unparalleled charm, wit, and integrity. Packed with a star studded cast, plenty of action, and a dash of comic book camp, Captain America is no exception. Director Joe Johnston expertly balances the feel of 1940′s America (as he did in his 1991 classic, The Rocketeer) with the campy science fiction of a comic book. The period sets have a nostalgic charm and the characters are larger than life in their heroics. Cap’s wit is simple, straightforward, and thoroughly American. And when it comes to big budget action movies, there’s no better villains than the Nazis.
The Body of the resurrected Christ was incomparably more spiritual than the incorrupt body of Adam before the Fall. Christ’s resurrected, spiritual Body was like the spiritual body that Adam was supposed to attain by ascending to God in Paradise. Likewise, the New Heaven and the New Earth will be incomparably more spiritual than the incorrupt creation before the Fall. Through Christ the New Adam, the renewed creation will be what it would have been if the first Adam had raised it to God.
Moses:
Clean the place as if the Pope were on his way.
2010.08.26 Iraq Muqdadiya 6 0 Six Sunnis are gunned down by suspected al-Qaeda.
No wonder people run away from ordination. Almost every ordained person I know ran from God for as long as they could. For Alan it was six months and then he made the mistake of going to a Vocations Day to prove that he wasn’t called to be a priest. For me it was a year, for a friend I know at the moment it has been two years. The reason we run is because we know that if we say “yes” then we have to face the fact that.
You found out that this sales candidate is self-motivated (Sales Manager Role No.3.) This makes it easier for the sales manager who can leave him/her alone more than most others on the sales team.
I shall draw a winner on Sunday x
This is probably the most frustrating part of the vision process. We can write and we can work, but ultimately, we always have to wait. Tarrying is an old school term for waiting and in English, we typically define it as a passive act. However, it is actually an authoritative act. In short, we are empowered to do what we must until the God-given visions come to past.
Procrastination has always been a hobby of mine. Occasionally I’d flirt with going pro, but it never seemed like a real opportunity until I had children. Put me in coach; I’m ready for the Procrastination Olympics.
After struggling with the attachment for awhile and getting nowhere fast, we abandoned that model and Ky and I started dicing the pork into tiny pieces.
i think she whispers this to me when i sleep…
As I have repeated ad-nausium on this blog socialism is dependent on the state, the state on which Wales now depends is the British state; until we throw off the shackles of state control Wales can never be free!
Mr. Wagner said training to improve employee courtesy, manners and product knowledge wasn't a worthwhile expense. At the least, he said, it should have been done in-house.So it was a dopey idea, and we were right about that. But the important thing is that state ethics laws were not broken!
I heard of this song recently too, A Christmas Carol, about a little girl who responds to Santa's question of what she wants with "all I want is someone to take me home". That's what those kids would ask for if they got the chance, and for those here not getting presents in time: It's not the end of the world. You'll get them eventually, but there are some kids who will not ever get anything like that. We've got so many blessings we take for granted, and while I am certainly not perfect either, it's definitely something important to think about.
Nearly everyone who stopped by the show sampled a glass or two of our beer. As we handed them out we had a lot of great conversation with people wanting to know about real beer. We were somewhat surprised with all of the positive feedback, as this was an extremely hoppy and somewhat bitter beer – the largest amount of hops we have ever used in any of our recipes.
And I will now leave you with a blog post from Jenna Fischer (best known for playing the Secretary in the American series of The Office) which came from DailyActor.com. I hope you find it useful and inspiring.
Every Tim Powers book that I’ve read has taken me several days to get through, not for lack of interest. Powers’ writing is simply too convoluted and intricate to wrap my mind around it in a few hours’ time.
Here's a video of our escapades to show you what to do if you happen to spill half of a melted candle on your carpet.
So I did what any good recipe developer would do: I started watching the Packers/Giants playoff game. Green Bay had just fumbled the ball, and the Giants recovered it. And I exclaimed, “That’s it!”
Children — and others — take to bikes and scooters, because of the cooling effect of air movement. Calls for more summer school and even year-round school cease. Our kids don’t need more time inside, everyone agrees; they need the shady playgrounds and water sprinklers that spring up in every neighborhood.
Her Daddy said, "Sorry honey, but you have to be five years old to play baseball, and you are only two. You will have to wait three years before you will be allowed to play."
SPECTACLE MACABRE
"Don't you have at least one other golf ball?" he asked. The other guy replied that no, he only needed the one.
The website is the product of several decades’ work by Chuck Schader, a radio broadcaster (and major fanatic) in the Chicago area. Schader hosted a radio show called “Those Were the Days” from 1970-2009 and was lucky enough to get interviews with most of the major figures from radio’s past. He nabbed a bunch of them when they were passing through Illinois doing summer stock
He didn’t knock when he reached the door, and Jack didn’t turn when he entered the room. Their fearless leader stood in front of a large fireplace, hands clasped loosely behind his back. Not for the first time Fletch considered the chances of success in a quick knife throw.
Almost any news article about infertility treatment, if one scrolls down to read the comments, seems to invoke a negative, judgmental reaction in some of the commenters. I've decided to stop reading those comments. It's impossible to argue with an anonymous, closed-minded, and misinformed person. I think our energy is better spent going on about our business and working hard to achieve or family building goals. Instead of fighting with someone who will never be convinced, I think we should focus our efforts on educating and informing the public as a whole about infertility and infertility treatment.
Los Zetas, which is led by Mexican Army deserters who started as enforcers for Mexico’s Gulf Cartel and later branched out on their own, is blamed for much of the violence in Mexico.
I also love the work of Piero di Cosimo, whose fantastic painting of Perseus rescuing Andromeda from a horrible monster really inspired me! I could imagine walking into any of these paintings and having a closer look around.
If the British public ever paused to take notice of anything other than the X-Factor, this week’s Soap operas or the latest developments in the unappetising saga of Tiger and the three skanks, (UPDATE: Make that eleven skanks) they might notice that some very troubling events are taking place amongst our allies across the channel, and indeed elsewhere.
that does not seem to be the way
It would have been a good relaxing few days off had it not been filled with a nasty head cold, which I am just getting over now.
Makes me wanna take a back road.
Hopefully the picture says it all, but it’s really good. I did make one mistake – I didn’t pay enough attention to the bread, and that is the thing that carries it after all. Über importante.
Damien Hirst
After our time in Telara, I logged back in to EVE, saw a couple of blues and a couple of reds in the system, no big deal as long as I moved fast before anybody could call down any reinforcements.
Then what? Oh, yes. I put the jam on the table. Well, sort of threw it and threw it again when it landed on its side. Picked it up and SLAMMED it down.
But crossing the divide between the living and the dead has devastating consequences. Velveteen's obsessive haunting cracks the foundations of purgatory and jeopardizes her very soul. A risk she's willing to take—except fate has just given her reason to stick around: an unreasonably hot and completely off-limits coworker.
I am so sorry I haven't been on here for a couple of weeks. We moved and it has been so crazy. It has been hard getting internet that doesn't cost an arm and a leg at our new house because we live out in the middle of nowhere but it should be up and running soon. Crossing my fingers.
BUT to those who are in a Long Distance Relationship.
Broil red peppers under a broiler or open flame on gas stove until charred on all sides. Place red peppers in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Peel, remove seeds, and roughly chop.
Timothy Holbrook, an intellectual property professor at Emory Law in Atlanta who reviewed Koh’s Friday ruling at Reuters’ request, said there did not appear to be any trade secrets among the blacked-out portions.
3, Stir in the flour until well combined and stir in the rest of the ingredients until they are evenly coated.
I kneel beside Vacuum Man and grope for the fanny pack, trying to keep my mind on the long days of lounging ahead. Unbuckle the greasy strap and yank the pack out, Vacuum Man yelping into the gag. I slap him, unzip the pack, flip it over. Out flutters a twenty-baht bill, a pile of coupons and vouchers, and one ATM card.
Interpretation: I learnt about the power of the written word.
And once Alicia leaves that doorstep and Kalinda opens that door, the delicious table-setting can launch into the main course.
Within the cosmos the chaos is not a separation of consciousness
You may enter as many times as you like using different project
Trade them all for a pack of a gum, sunshine and ravioli (Macaroni)
Inga (who as the title suggests), is a Viking girl from Einersfjord, Greenland & this book comprises 2 short stories about her. The first is called Inga Goes A-Viking & is about the village & villagers of Einersfjord, who are facing a very big dilemma. They are running out of supplies to repair their home & the merchant ships which used to stop in Einersfjord have stopped coming. The elders must decide what to do to save their town & make the decision to go A-viking – to return to their old way of life, raiding, to save their homes.
Anyway, what we're meant to think here is that the part of Geldof that was fearless in dealing with the powerful because he knew he had the moral high ground has somehow led him to wear a particular brand of watch. Whereas it's actually just the pay cheque, a lump of money for a man who is already a millionaire several dozen times over.
Em's dr's appointment took ALOT longer than I imagined so I didn't make it back to Noah's school for his Valentine's Day party :( I hope all the kids like the heart shaped crayons I made. They were fairly easy to make and would have been so much easier if I had a ton of broken crayons without the wrappers laying around the house. Oh well. Here's how to make them:
By the way this is my new slow cooker and I LOVE it! It does not heat up the kitchen and the insert is metal with a non stick coating and so much easier to clean! I got it a WalMart for $39.
Cover 3 was a nice surprise. I look forward to returning to try out their Chop-house burger, and seeing if they get local beers on tap.
Both an historic castle and a modern 5-star hotel, Dromoland Castle lets you live like the kings and queens of yore. Hike or bike the castle grounds as you enjoy spectacular views of the shimmering lake, lush forests and championship golf course.
below are the titles and sequence of the series with summaries copied from various places.
Jeff Brundage led American’s troubled labor relations for 11 years, most recently failing to win cost-cutting contracts in talks that began as far back as 2006. US Airways negotiated contracts, contingent upon a completed merger, with the unions in a period of less than two weeks. The TWU vote on its contract won’t affect the US Airways agreement, the union told members.
I decided to stain it as we had several painted pieces in the adjacent rooms already and I REALLY loved the grain of the wood and didn't want to hide it. I found new knobs at Home Depot. The knobs it comes with are just your basic round wood ones.
We sat squeezed together in one of Green Park's dressing rooms. Paul Dyke pulled a shin pad up over his ankle strapping and toward his bandaged knee. Ben Rowe watched him from the other side of the room and said: “What? You're playing today?” Paul gave him a long look, then nodded. “I'm naming myself as second substitute.” We were missing players to injuries and work commitments: Paul Andrews, Kristian Hewitt, Marc Judd, and Dave Williams were unfit to play, Ryan Hurst was painting someones lounge for cash in hand, and Ryan Jones was plumbing somewhere. It's unusual if Paul Dyke doesn't get to the gym three times a week to work on his guns, but he hadn't played competitively for Burridge since focusing on being the first team manager a couple of years ago.
Vice President Jejomar Binay insists his statement regarding a supposed plan to run for president in 2016 was taken out of context. He says he is just “aspiring to become president.” He’ll explain himself further in his next text blast. Wait lang.
The old belief about mermaids was that they had no souls. In order to preserve her immortal soul, Margaret is ready to desert her husband and children. Was she right to follow her beliefs? Or wrong to cause her loved ones so much pain?
Wednesday night we have turkey tenderloins on the menu with some Light Mac and Cheese and Thursday night we are going to grill up some fish (Tim a burger, of course) and Schwann’s sweet potato fries (again, had to get Tim the regular ones!)
Everybody stops and they staring at me
Choosing a good company is great because they aren't just a local company that provides corporate event entertainment to one city. They have entertainers all over the country so that it is possible for them to send someone to cities all across the United States. What's more, they have entertainers who will travel as well, and if that is in your budget, you can get a comedian or an entertainer in your city, even if they live somewhere else.
1. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Dredge shrimp in flour, then egg, then panko.
He huffed (acidly) –
In each film, the celebrity/royal is unbearably autocratic and calls all the shots. Monroe and Charles both send cars or carriages for their latest love interests when they want to see them, but ignore and send them away when they are busy with something or someone else. However, with both the Prince and the actress, there is a feeling that, beneath the spoilt surface and demanding behaviour, there is an inner loneliness. Both of them need someone they can talk to and trust, and nobody in their paid entourage really fits the bill. Elsie and Colin are partly seduced by the glamour of all this, as I said earlier, and flattered to be chosen by someone who could have anyone they want. But they also see and respond to the real person behind the mask.
6) Contribution
Style Quote for the Day: “Elegance is a question of personality, more than one’s clothing.” Jean-Paul Gaultier
the mountain
He said the four were also not allowed to go anywhere and were only given 45 minutes twice a week to shop for groceries.
This covers Macdona Emergency AC Repair, Emergency Air Conditioning Service, 24 Hour Emergency AC Repairand Emergency Air Conditioning Service. We also go into Air Conditioning, AC, Repairservices. The result of our Service, 24 Hour 24 Hr options, you get excellent service.
After the shooting day, Diana could not forget this thrilling multiple presence. How could she? The Royals had been embedded in the Spencers' idea of themselves for centuries. They were raised up by kings. The source of their wealth and influence was propinquity to the crown. Diana may have disliked her childhood visits to Sandringham, but her imagination still revolved round the magical rescue power of princes. ...
That comes out to 81 degrees Fahrenheit.
INSIDE A CHURCH
I am already a star, whether I was created a star or I was born a star, or was made a star, or I achieved stardom. The question now is how do I get my star to keep on rising? That is the crucial thing we want to discuss very briefly tonight.
Now, admittedly, I read a lot of Young Adult fiction (Harry Potter, Hunger Games, Inheritance Cycle, etc) and you’d think I could come up with a plot somewhere along those veins, especially since the story is also a mix of supernatural-type stuff. There’s a … fantasy element? It’s got super powers. There.
The petro-dollars will have a rocky road to traverse before they ooze into BC, if they ever do..but once here, the real fight begins…and the CRAPs will be dead in the water, come the next election….
Ghosts in the machine who believe they’re alive, ten thousand space stations, each with its own government or political system, a woman whose only hope for survival is an instant decapitation: these are just a few of the big ideas floating around in Alastair Reynolds’ the Prefect.
Born on August 17, 1988, and brought up in Cork, where his parents are both teachers, Aidan Coleman learned his trade on the Irish pony racing circuit, where he had over 100 winners. “It’s brilliant and you learn to deal with the nerves too,” he said, “There was a lot of betting and the owners always wanted them to win. I was 12 or 13 and had one owner who always told me how many grand he had on his horse, but I never let it get to me. I still don’t.” Although his brother, Kevin, had become a jockey in Ireland and was doing well (so well, in fact that in August, 2007 he won the Galway Plate on Sir Frederick), Aidan opted instead to work in England. Through Irish trainer John Murphy, Coleman got a place at Henrietta Knight’s yard, and it was her horse Silverbar that provided the young jockey with his first ride under Rules on December 23, 2006, at Hereford. At the end of the 2006/07 season, Coleman moved to Venetia Williams’ stable at King’s Caple and his first winner arrived in the shape of Tashkandi, who was successful in a selling hurdle at Uttoxeter in October, 2007. That victory put him on the fast track to success. In 2009, he partnered his first Cheltenham Festival winner when Kayf Aramis won the Pertemps Final. Coleman won on his first ride at Aintree as he partnered Stan to capture the matalan.co.uk Red Rum Handicap Chase and he rode the same horse in the following year’s John Smith’s Grand National, thus missing out on winning ride on Mom Mome. Coleman, who writes a blog for the Racing UK website, has already won over the National fences this season, having ridden Stewarts House to success in the Betfred Grand Sefton Handicap Chase in December. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2008 Mon Mome (10th); 2009 Stan (Fell 7th); 2010 Mon Mome (Fell 26th); 2011 Grand Slam Hero (Fell 13th)
So if we start with 0, the next number is 1. The sequence goes like this.
regarding the metronomic dilution of a lifetime’s pride
three of these amazing companies. Each company offers a unique line of
2. Clarity = specific
If you have any questions, please contact INAC directly as they would have the official information that relates to your specific individual situation.
plainly mister fly it is all
What do we know about it? I've learned recently that the word primavera actually means "the season of Spring", and that the main focus of a primavera is to highlight the veggies. How fitting, eh? And thanks to spring, we have quite the beautiful veggie selection to choose from.
Ending credit music continues…..
After feeling lost in the forest for a while, I finally feel like I can see the trees thinning up ahead and I’m going to keep walking towards the road.
Your tip this month –Think about forgiving someone who's close to you.
Many of the blogs that I follow are those of other 3rd grade teachers. I have only been teaching for nine years but I have not always been a 3rd grade teacher. I actually began my career teaching Kindergarten, which oh my goodness those were some very tiring years! I digress. Six years ago, my last year in Kindergarten before looping with that WONDERFUL class to first grade, we got a new superintendent in my district. His name was Dr. Wise. This confused my adorable little five year olds because when they think of doctors they only think of medical doctors. I could see the terror on their faces as one of my kids asked if he was going to give them a shot when he came to visit our school. So in order to try and put them at ease I told them that when someone is very smart and goes to school for a very long time they can get a degree that allows people to call them "doctor."
and gold in my body, near your body
Certainly, no one can condone or excuse this kind of behavior; however, it may be wise to not underestimate the fury that can come from quiet desperation. Perhaps, the next time we ask someone how they are we should take the time to actually find out.
"This special day will give supporters as well as Euro election campaigner’s space to come together and outline to the people of Wales just why the BNP and what it stands for is a threat to people like me and you."
... if this is what happens, the GOP pretty much has to do a major reassessment. They will have to figure out a way to win back constituencies. My prediction is that their two biggest obstacles to regaining viability as a national party will be Latino voters and suburban women. They will have give up being the party of angry white men and make some kind of deal on comprehensive immigration reform. And they are going to have to stop these incredibly aggressive attacks on abortion rights and women's health. If they don't, they simply will not win the presidency ever again.
“She’s not my friend anymore. She’s not inviting me to her birthday party – not that I want to go anyway, just so she can show off with her endless collection of toys.”
‘The people didn’t say, “Hi, my name is.” They just went their separate ways after the kiss,’ Galdorisi said.
Original oil painting on canvas panel
The Monster escapes from Frankenstein twice before he is ultimately destroyed by falling into a vat of acid. One has to wonder if it was the real monster, however, since Frankenstein murders his maid who wants her to marry him because she is carrying his child and threatens to go to the police an tell all about his experiments if he does not. It is for her murder he winds up in jail, set to be executed.
Leaders answer the questions – “Who loves/accepts me?” and “Who is in charge?” To have the first and not the latter leads to confusion and throws water on the flames burning in this newly tasked individual. The best time to stoke the flames of excitement is AT THE BEGINNING – letting the fire cool BEFORE parameters are put in place and feedback routine(s) are established does no good.
vulnerable to minor disturbances and/or management changes."
YOU CAN BE THE GOOD GUYS AGAIN
9. Stealin’ (Christiansen) 3:41
As New York’s own department of planning states ‘Tower-in-the-park zoning encourages the construction of tall buildings set back from the street, by allowing greater height and more floor area in return for the provision of open space. The resulting buildings have been subject to widespread criticism as anti-urban and disruptive of the dominant form and scale of most of the city’s neighborhoods that were built largely under the original 1916 Zoning Resolution.’[3] In the words of City Planning Chairman Joseph B.Rose, it “promotes an architectural vision that does violence to our urban fabric.”[4]
This government has been having wardrobe malfunctions from it’s first month in office and it continues. Is like they need a seamstress. But the wardrobe malfunctions have been glaring this week and I want to discuss a few of them.
"Love is the only logical act."
She told them that she had almost 180 miles to drive with these shakes.
We are in a fun stage (they have all been fun!) but it is more fun in the reality of mama letting Rudy decide what our plans are for the day.
I will keep you posted.
Intellectual Property Appellate Board has been
Me: Because it’s Sunday.
It’s Oscar here, by the way. And I hate the rain.
The first photo is of the Citadel and the other of a more interior view of Alhambra... taking in the beautiful ornately carved arches and sunlit fountains.This was a wonderful stopping off place for me and I will always remember these beautiful images...it was as if I was really there! The four finished pieces are under the title of Citadel in my sidebar.
As has been said for many years, if you import the Third World, you become the Third World. In 2009 The Guardian admitted that a staggering 25% of black South African males had committed single or multiple rapes in the previous year alone, which correlates to the ever-rising number of rape cases involving children unfortunate enough to attend schools in the increasingly diverse inner cities of Britain.
Before going any further, I want to express congratulations to the other finalists in Stuffer Shack’s Site of The Year Contest: Gnome Stew, Dungeon’s Master, G*M*S Magizine and Nearly Enough Dice. Everyone should click through those sites for wonderful RPG content. And take some time to explore the over 30 blogs nominated for the Site of The Year Contest.
Being is New York has always felt good to me. It doesn't scare me, or intimidate me. If anything that town leaves me feeling energetic--like im stuck in a pack of people running at full speed. Keep up or get trampled and left behind. Being out on the street can feels like being in the kitchen. It's beautiful. Despite a nagging feeling the first day that I was "cheating" on San Francisco, I came to appreciate New York for what it is. And through that, I started to miss SF. Waking up on our last day, with a hangover that made me want to drown myself in the fountain at Washington Square Park, I said a quiet goodbye to the city. This was the note I typed on the way home.
370 g soft light brown sugar
But, ja den hey! We’re proud of dem
One of the best compliments I ever get is when women tell me I'm a "girl's girl." I am; I'm a real girlfriend. I love men, of course, but I'm all about girl power. If Demi were one of my girlfriends, here's what I'd tell her, in the nicest way possible:
I strongly recommend Whalerider as refreshing and empowering, as encouraging us to be flexible in defining people, and as a reminder of the need to hear and reconnect with the world around us.
A friend of mine lent me Outlander at the end of summer 2005. I don't usually read books that others lend me because they're not my type, but this one sounded really promising - World War II era, Scotland, history, how could you go wrong? - yet I nearly stopped reading at the point where Claire Randall mentions how full the shops in Scotland were just a few months after the end of the war. I was worried that the rest of the book might have other such discrepancies. Ha! Never have I been so glad to be so wrong (Diana is a master at historical research and accuracy) and not since The Lord of the Rings have I been so excited to have a book enter my life.
Jerome
WHERE: Millicent Rogers Museum, 1504 Millicent Rogers Road, Taos
The fear of failure can also show up as procrastination but it has its roots in self–deprecation, lack of confidence and low self esteem. These people have trouble even getting their thoughts around what they want off the ground. They are always looking to others for permission. If you are one of these people it is best for you to start with baby steps, small bids for power that you can commit to, and to stop comparing yourself to others.
He claimed the creature was about 15-20ft long with a little head and two small humps following in its wake. "It was like a giant eel."
Stretch marks? No
Whoever hasn’t heard of this or never got round to read it, you should go read it ASAP. *I advise you to read the manga because the anime ends at a mere 62 episodes*
Tynt has partnered with whos.amung.us to show you basic information about recent copy activity.
The Bible speaks a lot about money. Most of it isn't terribly flattering. The one I'm most drawn to is where Jesus says, "No one can serve two masters...You cannot serve both God and money." That, and when Paul says, "Let no debt remain outstanding except the continue debt to love one another."
Well, that’s what we had envisioned when we saw postings all over our condo lobby and elevators, notifying us that for four days, Steven Seagal and the cast and crew from his TV show True Justice would be filming an episode around our condo building. Our chance to finally be discovered! We knew in our hearts that we were meant to be the next Angelina and Brad and we had been patiently waiting for this moment to come. I know…you’re thinking maybe more Uma and George Lopez but keep those thoughts to yourself. Don’t burst our little bubble.
Greg Scott: We're looking for an occupation beginning with T.
true death is eternal existences
There were a lot of pretty vintage hairstyles on the carpet which I really loved, and some severe looking bangs. This year's theme was definitely Black and White. Black and White were the 'it' colors:Milla Jovovich wore Elie Saab and looked positively gorgeous. Check out that stunning 1930's hairstyle. A lot of 'best dressed' lists have her at the top this year. While I really like the gown, it just doesn't beat out some of my other favorites.Even royalty got the message to show up in white: Here's Prince Albert of Monaco and his wife Princess Charlene.I was thrilled that Ocatavia Spencer won Best Supporting Actress. I have mixed feelings about the Tadashi Shoji gown. She has apparently been very loyal to this designer all awards season, but I'm not in love with it. However, I can find no fault with the fit, and I think it flatters her figure. Guiliana Rancic's Tom Ward gown was flattering, although I thought there was too much going on.BingBing Li's George Chakra gown was very pretty. I'm not sure this image picks up on the textured gown covered in flowers. The part I didn't like? The transparent stripes running up each thigh.Cameron Diaz in Gucci. I really liked this gown and the dramatic train. There were some fitting issues with her basque top right at the waist, but overall one of my favorites out of the white category.Kelly Ripa also looked great in this gown. I can't figure out who designed her gown, and now that I'm researching it I'm finding out that the gown is actually pale yellow. Huh. I'm leaving it here in the white category.So now we get to the black evening gowns. Gary Oldman's wife Alexandra Edenborough looked gorgeous in a Roberto Cavalli gown.Kelly Osmond sported this Badgley Mischka gown. I didn't think this was a stand out gown, but it's very flattering and fits into the black category.
Expansion of houseboats is said to have been carried out during Mughal period and later, the Europeans further modernised them along with the boatmen of the day. Dal Lake is home to more than a thousand houseboats known for their unique luxury, mostly having 2 to 6 double bedrooms with modern facilities. The interiors of the houseboat can be compared with a palace or a modern boutique hotel. Houseboats ore designed with Walnut and Deodar wood work and the base is made of a special wood that makes it float for decades. It is advisable to book a room in advance directly with the owner or a travel agent. The centuries old hospitality culture of the houseboat owners and their endless efforts to promote tourism in the valley is worth of appreciation. A stay in houseboats in Dal Lake is always a memorable experience for every tourist, a not-to-be-missed experience.
Twine (Martha Stewart)
The good news is that the mania for gloves is not universal. The British Library even has a video explaining why they are not always a good idea: a necessary corrective to the glove propaganda put out by the documentaries. Nevertheless, friends have told me that some archives, particularly small local ones, are beginning to fall for the glove delusion, perhaps because the public expect to be asked to wear gloves after what they have seen on TV.
Just a side note -- I made this again a day later and threw in two eggs. Delicious! It was definitely an awesome breakfast with the added eggs. I feel full and happy :0)
this morning mr9 and i had an important discussion about world domination. he's going to lay low and cultivate some sort of robot army. i think they fly or something silly. as for me? i'm going to go door to door asking people if they want to be world dominated and offer them cookies.
I can feel your hands and your lips caressing, stroking and arousing me, softly, gently yet passionately. I shiver as your soft lips linger when pressed against my skin at the nape of my neck. As your hands wander to my breasts, they send chills racing deep within me. You hold each one with your hands, using your fingers to tease my nipples, they are heightened and hard. My body is now longing and begging you for more, yet you are so gentle with me.
Thanks ladies!
Gotta love adventure!
So why divorce? Well, it was I who filed for the divorce a while back. No, this was not because I cheated on her or had a new relationship. Our divorce had been a long time coming. By the time I had started seeing Lana, the marriage had long been over, and yes, I told Rene about Lana, early on. I am trying to be sensitive to Rene and my family and have not introduced Lana to them yet as I don't think its proper right now - I don't want Lana to be seen as some home wrecker - shes not.
When Jack the Ripper killed his victims a man would walk down the street with a bell and yell out the breaking news, which then people had to go and wait in line to buy a newspaper to find out the full story.
Bring about 2 quarts salted water to a boil in a large saucepan.
This is the entry way to Kalia's Room. Both items on the hallway walls were gifts from Kalia's baby showers.
And I see that you aren’t free,
As I calmed down, I suddenly realized that I still had an urgent call from Mother Nature waiting. Shaking, I peered into the toilet to make sure that the spider was still gone. Then I disrobed and slowly sat down. But as soon as I sat, I felt a tickle on the inside of my leg. At first, I thought I'd imagined it, but I felt it again. And as I felt it, a picture flashed through my mind- a picture of a zombie rabid wolf spider swimming up the drain, leaping out of the water, climbing up my leg and biting me smack-dab in the middle of the hootenanny.
Skin to skin,
So what else can you do with 6 lbs of chicken? Well, hopefully when you ate it (and not all of the chicken), you saved the bones. I should have mentioned, the 6 lbs of chicken meat was meant for only 2 people, and made to stretch of dinner that night, chicken chunks for butternut squash soup and more chicken for Part 4!
Thank you, headache, for showing me what is good.
doubt unimaginable You?
Sobe - Cosmic Irony (applied to lid and crease and lower lash line with MAC 217 by patting/sweeping)
Final Word: Should See
JL
Ultraman was created in 1966 by Eiji Tsuburaya, the special effects director of the classic Godzilla films of the 1950’s and 60’s. Ultraman became an unprecedented hit on Japanese television spawning fourteen sequel TV series and a string of hit theatrical features over the course of its four decade history. Ultraman has been seen all over the world and remains one of the top selling hero characters throughout Asia.
1% carbon increase in grasslands and cropsoils in Australia would offset the entire “legacy load” or total rise in CO2 over the last 50 years. Carbon sequestration of farmlands can be higher than that of tropical forests.
Eldest: Henry – 35
Once they had their foothold they started to observe around themselves keenly. They noted that the animals of this forest were not half as smart as their forest; in fact they were quite gullible.
"I don’t believe in charity. I believe in solidarity. Charity is so vertical. It goes from the top to the bottom. Solidarity is horizontal. It respects the other person. I have a lot to learn from other people.” – Eduardo Galeano
Regulars know the story, but I hope you'll forgive me in telling it again.
“yo lemme try on ur glasses”
Her book My Sparkling Misfortune has 4.6 stars from 46 reviews:
'You must keep the beer cool,' he said, 'if it is to be at its best and to do that you must provide for a quick flow of heat from the beer.'
Overall, I couldn’t get enough of this book. Imagery, plot, characters everything was easy to fall into step with. The only thing I hope for is a glossary at some point so I can make sure I’m pronouncing character names correctly, but other than that personal preference I can’t wait to see what Thoma has in store for Elei in the future. Oops… yes, the story doesn’t end with this one.
Fall comes to subtly to Southern California. Summer lingers as long as possible, however, come September, our days are warm but the mornings and evenings have a nice chill to the air. While we enjoyed quick bowls of cereal and ice cold smoothies for breakfast during the summer, it is time to shift to warm, hearty fall breakfasts.
The timing of our trip to the states was due in large part to the wedding of my very good college friend. It definitely gave me lots of ideas for my own, though not all of them are really possible in France. Well, anything is possible, maybe "widely practiced and accepted" is a better term.
22. I Can See Clearly Now…New glasses will do this to 48 year old eyes (factual and metaphorical glasses)
But obviously not disturbing enough, because I was a smoker for nine glorious years. I now get a sense of pride, when I see that the anti-smoking ads have re-surfaced, because I finally quit for the 12th (and final time). Please spare me the round of applause or pat on the back. I am a firm believer that quitters never win and winners never quit. Now that I stopped smoking I have to endure those golden years of life when you shit in your diaper & forget your name. Ya, ya smoking causes lung cancer, bad breath, wrinkley skin, etc. Pish-posh. Smoking has a major pro: rise in social capital.
The doctor’s also said she will most likely set the metal detectors off at the airport.
“Really? I guess my little brother would like it. Or maybe I will just keep it to myself. I think I will name him Timmy.”
Gatlin too showed a penchant for fast 4x4 splits when he was at Tennessee. Often turning in low 44 second relay legs. While he hasn't been injured since 2003, time away from the sprints can have the same sort of effect as far as taking away from one's quickness. So potentially we're looking at Gatlin coming back and NOT being a 9.77 sprinter. Perhaps more of a high 9.8x to low 9.9x sprinter.
For the duration of this festivity times, Great britain Most current Nokia Cellular phones now let persons get most of these cellphone smartphones for the cost connected with a lesser amount of dollars. Basically, we will declare that Nokia baths quite a few present in addition to reductions which often you may use to help lower this selling price connected with smartphones. Not long ago Htc possesses presented completely new mobile phones which often you may get to help working experience phone attributes which often you could have certainly not read. Subsequently, so why it is best to conduct hold up with finding every English Hottest Nokia Cellular phones. Gear up ones solution to this disguised . earth connected with phone modern technology.
Topical Leg Tonic
Adult learners and their tutors/teachers are encouraged to work together in writing, typing, editing, and submitting a written piece. We ask that completed essays be submitted along with the completed online form.
And because this is a blog about books and you know that it wouldn't be Christmas for me without new books, I decided a couple of years ago to give myself a box of books every year. Through the autumn, I buy books that I want to read, and into the box they go. Even though I know the titles, I'm not allowed to read them, or to look at them once they're in the box. Just knowing that the latest Phil Rickman - The Secrets of Pain - in hardcover no less! -
Verbena herb is known for it's effects in dispelling depression and countering nervous exhaustion and anxiety. Great for headaches and migraines and is said to be one of the best palliatives for the onset of colds and flu. It is reputed to be a good daily mouthwash as it's strong anti-inflammatory ability has a strong affinity for the mucus membranes of the mouth and nose.
It's funny, I'd been looking for nesting tables, and when I want something specific, I rarely find it. These little tables were perfect for my needs...which include a "hen party" tonight and a buffet for a dozen of my favourite women. So they had to be READY...and they are! I re-glued and stabilized and did all the things we "trash to treasure junkies DO..." stripping, sanding, redoing...you know the drill! I thought initially that I'd paint the whole table, including the top...
What's up, dearies? I'll just share a quick outfit post for today. I wore this outfit to the shoot for my party on April 28. It's gonna be awesome! Three events will be celebrated in one big bash - my 21st birthday, my graduation from college, and my send-off!
What if your doctor told you, "Go everywhere that you ever wanted to see, and do it now, your time is short."
One Stockton baby has a huge following because of a serious health problem. Turns out social media saved his life.
“We have a great relationship there with the coaching staff, obviously. I can call Coach Richt at any point,” Lewis said. “I think he’s very honest and frank with us about things. This is a guy (Charles) that wanted to know if he could come here today. He was ready to get on the plane and come (laughs). Those are the kinds of guys we have on our football team from there (Georgia) — very no-nonsense, all about football and winning. And they’re good people. They’re coached well, they’ve learned, they know how to prepare. It’s been a great place for us and a really comfortable place for our coaches and scouts to visit. We have a great relationship with them.”
Aoyama even compares choosing from 30 girls with getting his first car however he does feel conflicted stating he feels like a criminal, the process is fraudulent revealing a complex character. Regardless of all that Aoyama gets the girl.
When deciding to send them over, I wonder if those clever folk at the brewery spotted the happy irony that their crown-adorned beers would be arriving at the Theatre 'Royal' Haymarket?
“A Line Has Been Crossed…”
Once there, I and half of the city’s population, waited for hours and hours for the royal party to arrive. Though whilst we waited we were certainly entertained by two guys dressed as grandmas on really big motor powered trolley bags, men on bikes and dances at the Clock Tower. The day was great, the only down side was being stuck next to a guy who kept twitching and shouting uncontrollably.
I shoved my shoulder against the door and it slid open slowly, letting in a pile of snow. I felt the warmth of the restaurant’s heating system come brushing against my face, and I shuffled excitedly past the snow and into the restaurant. The door closed slowly behind me and I finally relaxed. I looked down at my feet and gasped: the snow, which I had sunken to my knees in, had melted against my warm skin and soaked my shoes and socks, but then had apparently refrozen, leaving a thin layer of ice coating my legs and shoes. I shivered, despite the warmth of the building, and walked up to the counter to see if I could somehow get something warm to drink.
Many of us think of name brands such as Microsoft or Apple Macintosh, when we think of owning a PC, but it all starts with the humble computer tower, where motherboards nurse their internal hardware to external peripherals. Manufacturers build the parts, and companies such as IBM, Acer and Dell put them together to make your "name-brand" PC - complete with trademark software (most likely Microsoft).
15 June SUFFOLK Thetford Forest
About ten years ago, I spoke on a panel at the Texas Book Festival. During a Q&A session, someone asked a question which resulted in an answer wherein I revealed a desire to write.
Don’t speak too much honeyed words to your Thai love or they may think that you are a playboy. Do not boast what you have and what you do not have. Thai girls prefer a man who loves them and dislike dishonest men even though they have a big wealth.
Yup, it's just like it sounds. Epic has taken a classic Belgian style golden ale and corrupted it with a little American-style-bending-flair to produce something akin to a Belgo-IPA.
I will run 2 miles in under 22 mins.
As one who tries to keep up with what’s going on in the world, especially the world of humans as they interact with the environment, I check out the Sierra Club’s monthly magazine column “Up To Speed” from time to time. In that column they list some of the more notable things going on around the world that affect us all. Let’s start with the bad news in the latest edition of the magazine.
Headed back home, my ride rumbled,
And just to keep us all on our toes, every imprint has different policies about whether no from one editor means no from everyone.
At least - I think it does. What does it mean to you?
C’est la guerre.
What do you think? Did your shows make the list?
died: 1730
One suggested name that also was in contention was Banga-pradesh, the pradesh( province) part seeking to specify that it is not a ‘desh’ or nation by itself and to underscore its unquestionably within-India-ness. Others suggested banga-bharati, a not-so-ingenious rip-off from Rabindranath Thakur’s Visva Bharati. It might as well have been called Delhi-Bengal or Dilli-Bongo, to make the attachment to the heart of Mother India ever so tight. Among the list of alternatives were Bawngodesh and Bawngobhoomi. Both had inadequacies that mired names like Bengal or Bangla – a pretension to a quarter-baked wholeness that flew in the face of the reality of indelible trans-border connections. Another alternative ‘Gour-Bawngo’ harkened back to some mythic continuity to an older name for a certain part of Bengal. It would have been inadequate, regressive and plain fictional, in the present context.
Did you know the AFA offers various certification programs to its members, such as Fence Installation School, Certified Installer Programs and Automated Gate Operator Installer Programs? Not only does AFA offer week-long classroom and field-based modules, the Association is committed to training teachers on a regional level so other chapters can provide the same modules to members on a local level. These programs are the highest professional certifications you can receive in the industry, and are a great way to elevate your company and team to a level well above the competition. You can view the different certifications and classes involved on the education portion of the AFA website. Classes and scholarship opportunities are also available to nonmembers.
The Obama bipartisan deficit commission was tasked with the challenge of how to raise revenue, grow the economy and pay off the debt. After an exhaustive study the commission concluded that lowering tax rates, lowering the corporate tax rate and simplifying the tax code to encourage tax compliance, and to encourage more wealth to come back home (so it at least can be taxed), was the most prudent course of action. Reagan would have been pleased with those recommendations.
According to reports, Keeton then waived the gun around and pointed it in his wife’s direction multiple times, telling her if he could not have her then no one could.
The purpose of this post was to show you all how much I have accomplished in getting ready for the show. I feel between orders I have been working hard to get things done; however, when it is all laid out....it doesn't look like much. AND add to the fact that the little stacking rings and the bangle bracelets were made by my dad, it really doesn't look like much.
Meanwhile the Publicity Group were hard at work coming up with a name for the band (they decided on “The Equals”) and then designing T-Shirts. The three bloggers took photos of the proceedings and wrote their first post on the Posterous site (which can be seen here – please note this may become password protected at a later date). Throughout the morning pairs of students also tried out the Nintendo Wii, learning to play instruments on Wii Music.
thus, they keep gigantic propaganda and brainwashing, as well as all sorts of fear mongering (political, economical, terrorist, nationalistic, etc) – to ensure that the “sheeple” walk steadily to the slaughter-house of “where and how I can get MORE money!” mentality. although, more and more people realize the alternatives and decide to move to live and work on land. the best way to weaken the SYSTEM is to quit it: to move out from cities, grow your own food, not depend on petrol, electricity, artificially imposed goods sold in supermarkets, artificial unnecessary services, interests, hobbies, trends, fashions … in other words – EVERYTHING whatever generates the “MORE MONEY“ for the SYSTEM !
My hope with this blog is to, one, share my experience and, two, more importantly, also share documentation, articles, and evidence about this one particular example of insidious corruption, disregard for human life (on behalf of Pfizer, Parke-Davis, pharmaceutical industry salespeople and psychiatrists), and concern for profit (as Neurontin was about to go off-patent, Parke-Davis did not want to wait for, say, scientific studies or FDA approval, because they wouldn’t make any money off any of the illusory benefits they concocted), as an illustration of the fact that: this is de facto class warfare against us. The rich are killing us, through lack of regulation, through economic warfare, through the unprecedented conspiratorial theft of our country’s wealth by a fraction of the population so small that it boggles the mind.
The DMR also allows the recognition of complicating factors that prevent people from successfully completing the current recovery tasks. These complicating factors, which range from depression to severe unexpected life problems, must be dealt with in order for people to move ahead in recovery.
Once you have a profitable campaign you can then use that identical campaign with other Pay Per Click programs like Yahoo.
Garson also appeared in other memorable films including “Pride and Prejudice” , “Mrs Miniver”, “Mrs Parkington” and “Marie Curie” .
I think I'm going back to counting my calories this week. I want to be back in the 179 area again...or lower!
None of the smaller Japanese makers were represented and the only Nikka whisky I saw was an odd "Gold and Gold" bottle dressed up as a Samurai helmet. Incidentally, there was a lot of Scotch that is difficult to get outside Japan, including blends such as Old Parr Superior (6000 yen), at prices that were much better than the Tokyo department stores. There was also a very limited selection of shochu.
This is a page out of my "art journal" - - meaning: I use colored ink and experiment with Zentangles and write original poetry and play with whimsical, hand-written graphic fonts. (The above font is called "French Manicure". I know. I bought a book on hand-written fonts. And I ramble, but that's okay. Just flow with me ...after all, you are here, and you gotta play the hand you're dealt. And I'm dealin'.)
I wasn't a perfect vegan on Thanksgiving. I did not eat the turkey or the gravy (though I'm sure that gravy would have improved the taste of my Tofurky), but I did have some of B2's amazing stuffed mushrooms that contained sausage and I had a generous helping of the stuffing that my brother-in-law soaked in chicken broth. It was delicious like you can't imagine. I ate B1's mashed potatoes that probably have my arteries clogging as I type this and they tasted heavenly and I even put some cool whip on top of my vegan pumpkin pie since my coconut whipped topping was a failure. Baby steps.
I looked at this picture after 10 minutes in photoshop and this is where my mind drifted just a little.
Acts 1:6-7
Thanks for stopping by... hope you have a purr-fect day!
I never dreamed my heart would make it,
Richie gets together with his new crew, informing them that they're only looking to bust big guys, not street level dealers. They ask him about the story of him turning in a million dollars, which he admits. They get ahold of some blue magic and test it, realizing it's twice the strength of normal stuff for half the price.
In recent events, the American retailers have been tredding softly due to the downturn in the economy. They have become less risky, more cautious and saving for better times ahead. We, as Canadians, have realized that this is the right time to strike the American retail market.
IHRC
here is the designer tape i decided to use for this card
Vince squared his little chubby legs, fixed his face into glare of pure ‘I am SO mad at you’ and peed all over my floor.
We used rope as guidelines to get straight rows but if you visit the farm you’ll see that one of us still managed to make completely crooked rows (ha!). The advantage to straight rows, spaced 14 inches apart, is that our wheel hoe will run perfectly between the rows and make weeding much easier then with a hoe.
Now you might have been forgiven for thinking the ladies were just having a bit of fun at the expense of a gullible wee lad and when she learns of it his grandmother dismisses what he had been told as nothing more than “an old wifie’s tale … there’s no truth in those tales.” Truth is not the only reason to listen to tales being told though. Many years later, on a return visit to South Uist, Thomson runs into an eighteen-year-old girl who he had encountered on his first trip there. Like the majority of her generation she dreams of moving to the mainland – in her case to go into service – and she can’t understand Thomson’s interest in all the old stories:
"The only growth that has any significance in God's plans is the growth of believers." (pg. 38)
Collecting Free Stuff
Communication – Great leaders must be great at communication. They also must be students of communication. Leaders will face a variety of topics, audiences, emotions, changes, and communication channels. Successful leaders know how to communicate!
“They were expecting big things from me, but no worries, I’ll make it happen at the next level,” he said.
The four shades in Poppy’s “Supercalifragilipstick” line for Kate Spade are Pop Art Pink, Fuchsia Fete, Bashful Blush, and Adventurous Red. They all strike a nice balance between classic and trendy, just like Kate Spade’s clothing and accessories.
No eBay listing fee sale this week :( but I did list several auctions, and I need to show off the vintage purses I listed straight into my store at fixed price with best offer... You guys do all realize that pretty much EVERYTHING in my eBay store has the best offer button on it, right? :)
Album: Live Blood
Like the Carnacki the ghost finder stories you can’t always be sure that the strange events recounted will have a supernatural explanation. Mostly they do, but not always. When the explanations are non-supernatural they’re still delightfully bizarre.
The cross is so common in our culture that most people don’t think twice when they see one on a church. But unfortunately, familiarity with the symbol can actually get in the way of understanding what it truly means. Let’s consider how Jesus became the bearer of our sin.
U.S. Release date: October 5, 2012
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to limit myself to only a picture that I perceive myself to be
Horny Brit told Alex he needed to get the video thing working so he could see if I was attractive or not, which would determine whether or not he was willing to have an affair with me. Then I think they all wandered off and fell asleep which is probably a good thing.
Begin pre-heating oven to 350 degrees.
Rockin' Writing Portfolio
of my own day,
The fossil pictured shows that Pedilid beetles have remained unchanged for millions of years. Pedilid beetles, still identical to present-day specimens despite all the intervening years, tell us that the theory of evolution is a terrible deception.
The best way to move things or people on a country road is a pickup truck.
That greatest of the great tolerated my horribly familiar attitude.
America is better off because of the "Robber Barons"
Scribbling simple math equations is nothing new. People across the nation are calculating what money is coming in and what is going out. They are looking at the numbers and wondering how to make more, save more, buy more, and pay off more. Or how to have more money left at the end of the month rather than more month left at the end of the money.
I just decided to go back through my blog and find what I'd used it for in the last two years. I didn't find much, and some of them are actually projects I completed before I started my blog, but here goes
Craft beer pubs blog post is on the back burner - I really wanted to get the next blog out there while the fire burns bright in my heart about it
Much has been written recently about the white women’s liberation movement in the United States and the question arises whether there are any parallels between this struggle and the movement on the part of black women for total emancipation. While there are certain comparisons that one can make, simply because we both live under the same exploitative system, there are certain differences, some of which are quite basic. The white women’s movement is far from being monolithic. Any white group that does not have an anti-imperialist and anti-racist ideology has absolutely nothing in common with the black women’ t struggle. Are white women asking to be equal to white men in their pernicious treatment of third world peoples? What assurances have black women that white women will be any less racist and exploitative if they had the power and were in a position to do so? These are serious questions that the white women’s liberation movement has failed to address itself to.
I'm not against bringing the rich and their tax receipts downtown, but let's leave the ones who don't have enough taste to avoid this 31-story doo doo log to Williamson County.
My second creative adventure is the beginnings of a piece I have to finish by Sunday for Heather Powers challenge: inspired by nature- this week: feathers.
Mr. Robert Douglas Norman, a 28 year-old electrical engineer from Glasgow, Scotland, was traveling on the Titanic from Southampton to Vancouver, Canada where his brother resided and where he owned some land. He boarded the doomed ship as a second class passenger.
Up in The Air- Walter Kirn (p)
Wow, I am so lax about posting to this blog. Luckily tonight I'm just pissed off enough to have to write something. I just got a message on etsy that basically told me one of my chokers was overpriced. Way overpriced. Something about how they would be willing to pay up to $20 for my 30 some-odd hours of work, but $100 was out of their price range. Oh, and as if it were possible they threw in "no offense." Well, offense definitely taken. I understand that there aren't enough people out there who understand how delicate and time-consuming tatting is. This is I've started adding to the listing that the large pieces all day over 20 hours of work. This is a low-ball estimate for some pieces. I guess I just don't understand how you can basically tell me that my piece isn't worth the price I'm charging and expect me not to take offense. You expect me to take less than $1 per hour for skilled work and not be offended.
Something about the nature of his birth did, he believes, give him a soul, as well as a number of strange abilities. He has remained vigilant for over 200 years, waiting for Victor to make his next moves and thwarting him when he can.
These turned out really well. I think if you take out the almond extract that would bring out the rose pouchong flavor even more. Apologies for the rubbish picture-will work on this. With toppings by Eve.
I have been cycling over the past 19 years. By moving to a cycling lifestyle, you redirect your money for things you really want, instead of sitting in car-clogged traffic while gas money is literally vapourizing away.
41. A user manual for a lawnmower
fennel seeds 1/4tsp
I thought I'd celebrate by giving away one of my most popular designs. The winner will receive a custom pair of fingerless gloves in their color choice!
Unlocked gate. How much do you want to bet that unwanted visitors only think there is a gate there in case a horse gets loose and open the gate in and walk in anyway??
Awaken is an amazing book with a great protagonist, an amazing boy (who's a bit too good for my taste but oh, well), and a plot that really hits home. Although the book can seem preachy (well, it kind of is) you forget about it as you move along and start to unravel the truths about the world Maddie lives in and the world we live in.
o MOMENTUM 8 Studio (809 S. Main) Photography and animated films by Peter Rhea
This night always exposes parts of the ‘storyline’ the Stars want you to follow. For example, Sherry Shepherd is the dutiful, beaming proud mother. Her story was probably one of the most heartfelt of the night, talking about her baby being born with serious health complications. We heard about Melissa Gilberts ‘back problems’. We heard about Urkels struggle to break form his Urkel character (what a first world problem…) We heard about Maria’s hardworking parents and her obsession with Madonna that gave her ‘the dream’. We heard about Gavins ever-loving parents who have supported him even when NO ONE else did.
Alright, so, the more comfortable a baby is in the water when they start, the faster they will get through each lesson and the more they would be able to get out of the lessons as a whole. (Well, DUH! That's kind of a given.) So, we decided to try and get Laney a little more comfortable going UNDER the water (And get myself a little more comfortable watching her BE under the water). So, we sat our older children along the side of the pool and then, one at a time, we had them fall off and into the water. They would lean forward, fall in, their heads would go under and then we would scoop them out. Laney sat and watched for a while. Then, it was her turn......
In the Collection of @abeautifulmind1
By way of background not in the journals. Wavering Libations (W.L.) is a poem that looks at twenty different scenes. Ten look at the vices of the world through the eyes of ten Greek gods from ancient mythology. The other ten look at ten scenes depicting the virtues of the world through the corresponding Roman gods, by which I mean that Ares will have a corresponding Mars, and Zeus will have Jupiter.
In my trip today down this meandering road, I came to realize that this stretch of asphalt is so steep and twisty that someone must have tried to skateboard down this calle at one time. It is the only reason that this roadside sign exists…
October 25th
Comprising lush vignettes of different parts of the country, cut to a song by Roseanne Cash, Land of Dreams is a textbook definition of anthem commercial. Most definitely American, it’s a fastball down the middle, with a good song and gorgeous images. I wonder about one scene or another but basically I’m impressed.
with time and physical therapy I am getting better!
Thank you, Sonja, for your example to me of a wonderful mother. I want my home to feel like yours does and pray that my children will be as happy and comfortable in their own skin as yours clearly are.
M. Mom’s name: Gayle
Recently I discovered this article. It’s about segmented sleep patterns and how in history humans used to have 2 sleeps and wake up for a few hours between them, each night. It’s really interesting and worth the read. I had a first and second sleep the other night and I’m as fresh as a daisy. I think there’s a lot of worth in the article. Let me know what you think of it id really like to hear from you if it’s regular for you to have 2 sleeps. I might try and change my routine a bit. The question is, what to do with that time between sleeps? Blog, watch tv, visit friends? Unlikely if none of them are awake. There are other options but I’ll let you read them in the article.
What do all of these groups share in common? They cannot afford to let their view of reality be warped by willful delusion, just-so stories, Beckian rants and dogma, They don't have the time for denialism. Want another example?
And I would point out that the Trayvon Martin-Zimmerman story really faded once photographs of Zimmerman in court appeared. Wonder why?
5. The conclusion of the book – this part is unique to this book. I liked the way the author has concluded the book with the definition of Jaya and Vijaya.
The winners will be announced shortly after the contest ends.
I, I think, am a cross between the two. I find I have to write a scene if it’s nagging at me or has just come to me in a flash of inspiration, even if I’m not sure where it fits into the narrative. I can work this out later. This would put me in the ‘writer’ camp. But on the other hand, in order to work out why something has happened, I often find myself having to plan the plot out, so that I can see the progression of the storyline. I often make a list of character traits, which incidentally, was last weeks homework task, and this would put me in the ‘planner’ camp. So, just to be contrary, I think I am neither one nor the other. But at the end of the day, a writer has to do whatever works for them.
As I attended the rest of the convention (and since coming home), questions started to surface.
"Lead me, O LORD, in Your righteousness because of my enemies; Make Your way straight before my face."
leads himself this time with brandish’d sword,)
It is that first glimpse of a skinny, scrawny, not much bigger
Three years later, surprisingly, I was given another three red roses on Valentine’s Day. It was another typical day for me. There he was, handing me a box of chocolate roses and another three real red roses. I smiled and it was all that way.
The second choice is God’s.
- all the other card and papers came from the snippets folder including the white card as I never throw a single scrap away!
VIVIENNE: “A room without books is like a body without a soul.” –Gilbert K. Chesterton
Blossoms. I stamped the leaves first, attached the punched flowers and use DSP strips for my vase.
6. Dream Sequence Revenge feat. Fashawn and Exile prod by Godlee Barnes aka blu
Which vision will carry the day? As cities begin to go bankrupt and states totter on the brink of insolvency, we will see.
A copy of the TLA holders and the corresponding areas covered is hereto attached as Annex “A”.
You sit on a pedestal of power
This module contains a sensor which changes output from HIGH to LOW when a magnetic presence is detected, for example a magnet. The board also has an LED which indicates the presence of the magnet to aid in troubleshooting:
We would stick our little fingers out while we drank our coffee and wear striped shirts and berets, and sleep late and stay up even later.
B: I arrived in front of the dormitory. Yo, could you tell me where is door three?
Faux leopardskin scarf - Tesco
to carry and wear,
one bread addict to the next. This recipe is for you!! A whole lotta bread and a few
Geography Department's PhD program with a full fellowship. She will be moving from Fairbanks, Alaska to Worcester, Massachusetts at the end of summer –which won’t be easy on Mama Llama (sigh)… We are all so PROUD of her and now there will be no more excuses for us all NOT to visit the East Coast (cheer!).
The delegations that travel with presidents should be chosen on the basis of their economic significance, not their loyalty to the party in power.
After you visit the spillway, head back up the dirt road (past the trailhead) until you reach the West House, the structure for which the trail is named. According to the Greensboro Park & Recreation site on the West House Trail, the house was built between 1815 and 1820. The website also mentions that the house has some decorative “Flemish Bond” brickwork, which is relatively rare in this region.
International Space Station resident and flautist Colonel Catherine Coleman is one such brave new worlder, and last year, perhaps as the result of a Craigslist ad (“looking for musicians to jam with—have rehearsal space”) found someone to play flute with—an aging popstar fellow who shared her appreciation of the cosmonaut’s journey and “our rocket heroes”, and they performed a duet:
A feisty Malaysian woman went to extremes when her purse was snatched by a motorcycle-riding thief. But she wasn't giving up her prized possession so easily. She gave chase on her own motorbike!
The Prestige is the Elite system with some added emphasis on performance. With 8GB of RAM, an i5 quad core processor, and 2TB of Hard drive and a 60GB SSD, this unit is everything other HTPC’s aspire to be at an aggressive price.
on one of our beloved thursdays together, the three of us headed to harris teeter
“It’s performance review season, and you know the drill. Drag each of your direct reports into a conference room for a one-on-one, hand them an official-looking document, and then start in with the same, tired conversation. Say some positive things about what the employee is good at, then some unpleasant things about what he’s not good at, and end — wearing your most solicitous grin — with some more strokes of his ego. The result: a mixed message that leaves even your best employees feeling disappointed. But if you take the right approach, appraisals are an excellent opportunity to reinforce solid performers and redirect the poor ones.
﻿To be in with a chance to win this week's fab prize all you need to do is leave a comment for one or more of the entries this week and let them know you saw their creation on Make It Monday. The more entries you comment on the more chances you have of winning!
The concept behind virtual reality is not new, of course. While most people trace its origins to Morton Heilig’s 1956 Sensorama machine (which combined video, audio, and sensory experiences such as smell and touch), others go back as far as the 1860s and 360 degree panoramic murals. Heilig though is clearly the progenitor of our modern conception of virtual reality, in 1962 patenting an idea for a device very similar to what we now call a Head Mounted Display (HMD). Virtual Reality’s origins come together in the pioneering work of the 1980s and 1990s.
I remember the feeling of sheer terror as I walked down the stairs to the basement in our house on Broadway. It just got worse as I got closer and closer to the looming mound of laundry that my sister and I were told to fold. There on that large table, which could sit about 15 people, was a mountain of laundry belonging to at least seven or eight people. I don’t know what we did wrong but the task seemed like a form of punishment. It was a task that if completed, could take nearly three hours. Mind you, we were slow, we hated it that much.
While leveling my wee Blood Elf Priest, Caerise, I noticed that there is another type of Elf in the Ghostlands. They look like a fascinating hybrid between Night Elves and High Elves, and I assume they are there as a illustration of the gradual change that took place when the High Elves separated themselves from the Night Elves – the Quel’dorei Ghosts and the Quel’dorei Wraiths.
more info on my blog
If you'd like to do this as an activity snack for vacation bible school or Sunday school, try this. Give the kids some pretzels, goldfish crackers, and blue icing. Then let them "catch" their own fish while you tell them the story. No oven required. :-)
“Ah. Yes. Your new man friend. He does not exist.”
In an exciting debut race for the new series, Start, in his No. 00 Fiat USA/SRT/Carbotech Fiat 500, battled with the top competitors from Ford and Mazda before taking the lead late in the 17-lap race and going on to finish out in front by 2.171 seconds.
Oh well tomorrow I will sleep in. Today though, when I stepped on the scale it finally moved down a 1 lb. Yeah, lets keep that momentum. Yesterday I went for a new walk, down a different path. I know, I am a wild woman. Woot Woot. It was kinda cool, I walked and saw new sites. I agree, my life is very boring. I text paged my friend (the RN) who's office is next door to mine. I told her to look out her back window. I was across the canyon and I waved to her. She texted back to flash her. LOL, crazy lady.
Put hashbrowns in 9X13 baking dish. Spread the browned sausage over the hashbrowns.
At the end of the book, Georgia makes everything right before moving on to new things. Because the novel’s subject matter is largely unexplored from this perspective in literary fiction, which usually deals with teenage sex by mixing titillation and disapproval from an unimplicated grown-up distance, I would have liked to see the novel extend a bit further into the consequences of Georgia’s actions, to see the lasting effects–on her career, her emotional life, the other people affected by what she did–of the adult-world crisis she precipitated. But this is a tiny quibble, and is probably another book entirely. Shabas more than justifies her inclusion in the Canadian women to watch list with this excellent and important debut.
I'm tough. Really tough, honest.
Life Member, National Eagle Scout Association
As we ventured through the castle we discovered an area with a sword in a stone, for me, this was one of the best parts of the trip. While we were there a beautiful yellow and black butterfly fluttered around us and then kindly, as if it knew all about my obsession with butterflies, rested by my foot for a good five minutes allowing me to take some beautiful pictures of it.
I made this little box using the Art Philosophy cartridge from Close To My Heart. I cut the box out at 6" and then layered some coordinating papers from my scrap box. The little fireman is a paper piecing I made from Paper Piecings By Nikki. I had fun distressing his edges with 'soot' from my brown stamp pad. Of course, I had to add some stickles and give this some 'pop'.
Any collection that comes out after the release of this notecard is also acceptable.
Win It: Thanks to Baby Harmony, one lucky reader will win a Gift Basket worth $75.00!!! How awesome is that?? Thanks so much Baby Harmony!!!
And Dinner of fish from the river
All through the Bible God uses what he has.
So what exactly was Romney saying. Somehow, someway the term Urban became another way to describe African American people as a whole.
I should also have remembered my previous attempts at knitting in the dark and not tried to be thrifty on the illumination front as last night this led to my ripping back my Ten O'Clock scarf twice over (and it is a very simple pattern, honestly), so that all I have to show for an evening's work is one small repeat (possibly thrifty, definitely stressful).
District Leader 52nd A.D. Jo Anne Simon
I got a little behind on scrapbooking this past week, but yesterday I was able to finish the layout I'd started for Sketch #9 of Kelly Purkey's Sketchbook 4 class. I also made a card for Austin for his birthday (coming up in a week & a half) using this sketch last night.
for many of the 'names' I carry...
Since I cannot produce art, I always love to look at a good work of art. Which is why when I see something like this, I become agitated:
16 For God so loved the world, that He gave His Only Begotten Son, that whosoever helieveth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
Winding narrow stairways and alleys
I started saving £5 a month many years ago when I earned £80 per week, my rent was £40 of that. It was back breaking work and very hard to put that £5 aside, but I did it. The years went by and I increased the amounts as I could, I couldn’t yet afford a pension yet so at least I thought I should increase the savings slowly.
The challenge over at the Inky Impressions challenge blog today where it's team B's turn to do the challenge is "Punches and Dies" so my card is perfect for that :)
We walked up the back steps into the funeral parlor, I immediately started smelling something sweet and thought it must have been flowers. The carpet was a dark red and the place was really cold.
In the meantime, Barack Obama's reelection campaign is attacking Mitt Romney's former position at Bain for....... ummmm..... Capitalism?
House parties are notoriously messy. They begin fine – perhaps a few early birds turn up and there may be an awkward silence, but it turns out that if you throw alcohol at the situation anything can be easily dissolved. It is in fact after you’ve drowned the “situation” that the fun and mess truly begins. One second you’re having a gentile conversation with a friend in the kitchen, sipping away at your single vodka and lemonade and then, before you know it you’re moshing in the front room drinking shots of Schnapps (shouting “Party in t’House!”) while watching complete and utter strangers destroy your home…
“I am thrilled to be joining the great talent and management team at Fox News,” Mrs Palin said in a statement posted on the network’s website.
Figure out bridal jewelry
In a small bowl, mix remaining Parmesan cheese and bread crumbs. Toss to combine. Pour over pasta with cheese sauce. Bake until bubbly and the top is golden brown – about 20 to 25 minutes.
Pitter-patter beats skip in my heart as I think of endless ways to please you. You’re so captivating.
Anyway, back to my walk. Here's some good news. I must be one of the luckiest people in Britain, because I live a stone’s throw from a public library that has been refurbished.
- Front suspension and rear pneumatic tires guarantee a smooth ride
Do we simply relive life, over and over again, without the knowledge that this has all happened before?
In this major survey three distinguished historians, James Campbell, Patrick Wormald and Eric John, have produced an exciting introduction to the field. Although the Lost Centuries between AD 400 and 600 suffer from a scarcity of written sources, and only two writers, King Alfred and the Venerable Bede, dominate our understanding of later times, the authors have created a rich and thought-provoking account of the stormy era when Britain became Christian and sustained several waves of Viking invaders.
I am glad the villagers show visitors a glimpse of their culture, arts and crafts and heritage. The links below give a wider range of information if anyone wish to see more pictures and information of these places. From what I read, they paint pictures of vitality, great moments for photography and wonderful people.
Here's a card I made for Taylor's sketch from this week ... sorry about the wonky angle, but it's very windy here so I had trouble getting a decent picture. What a fun sketch. Don't you love this little Changito with coffee image?? He makes me smile. I'm not sure what I love more ... his pink bunny slippers or the fact that his PJs are buttoned wrong ... lol. I thought my A Muse "Life's Simple Pleasures" sentiment went perfectly with the image.
Football is a game in which two opposing teams of 11 players each defend goals at opposite ends of the field having goal posts at each end, with points being scored chiefly by carrying the ball across the opponent’s goal line and by place-kicking or drop-kicking the ball over the crossbar between the opponent’s goal posts.
Lastly, the full-time executive director of the California Craft Brewers Association, Tom McCormick, is the F.X. Matt Defense of the Industry Award recipient. Referred to as the "The Secretary of Defense for Craft Beer" by one peer, Tom has tirelessly devoted his work to the industry's issues at the state level. Much of his success has been due to his work to build and maintain relationships with elected officials.
That she knew of
Et il prie Dieu de lui donner le paradis,
Over the weekend we were in a small blizzard on the way back from the mountains. I took a picture of the Adult Cabaret, what does a cow have to do with a cabaret? Very classy none the less. While up in the mountains we went to the lake which was really low on lake and high on algae. I thought it had some merit. Also took Banjo to the vet up there and got the little Chinese Crested before she went to her forever home that day. She looked like such a little diva with the hair over one eye.
It is only Tuesday, but we have had so much new learning that I couldn't wait to share it with you. The students arrived Monday to this morning message. We did inferring with the words in the morning message.
In bigger-picture news, I see that the Miss Universe pageant has reinstated Jenna Talackova by backing off the alleged "natural born woman" requirement (details here, and here). They've said she can compete so long as she can provide appropriate gender recognition documentation just like any other competitor, and similar to other competitions. That is absolutely the way it should have been all along, and it's nice to see that all of this pressure has had an impact.
Were they all wrong about government and Obama right?
Tom
And sometimes I will walk on the clouds as well. Nice thought”.
Happen to One of Your Employees
About the card:
Guess My Shape - One child chooses a 3-D shape while the partner wears a blindfold. Then the partner feels the shape and guesses the shape. If you don't have a blindfold, you can make a "Feely Box" (shoe box with a hole in the side). Encourage "Math Talk" by having the children describe the shape as they feel it.
New Earth - 8.3m
I haven't been clothes shopping with Austin in a long time. I usually just pick up jeans and bring them home for him while I'm out shopping. Now I remember why.
Why is this important? Because if someone reads one thing you've written, it's more likely they'll read another. It's important because, for me any way, I want someone to enjoy what I've produced. I want them to get their money's worth. Right now, I'm getting ready to release The Ravening on e-book and I'm doing an extensive revision to the original, not only making sure the writing is crisp, but actually changing some of the scenes. And as I work, doing my best for the reader, I ask, "Does it really matter? Why not leave the original alone?" Since so many people browse the books on their shelves and e-readers when looking for their next read, the answer has to be, "Yes, it matters."
Then there is the question of book production, a part of publishing which is often hidden. Printing sounds like it should be a fairly quick process, and for a simple paperback the physical part of the process can be fast, but many publishers will be looking for the cheapest printing deal possible, and that often means producing the books in the Far East. They then have to be shipped over here, and that can’t be hurried, unless someone wants to pay for them to be airfreighted (a request editors do not like hearing from the sales department). Arcane questions like current paper prices and industrial disputes at ports suddenly have a major effect on the pub date of your book, particularly as publishers try to print books as late as possible, to save warehousing costs.
The California scout is not only concerned about the introduction of transgender youth to Girl Scouts, she feels strongly that GSUSA should break their ties with WAGGGS (the international scouting organization) because of their ties with Planned Parenthood and that GSUSA should do away with their sex education program.
I LOVE to cook painfully hard recipes
04 Makin' Out
Slivers of sunlight
2008 Rutherford Cab – Above average cab, oak, blackberry, dark plum, black cherry, chocolate and tobacco leaf, long finish. Excellent expression of BV.
A news package is a type of report found in television newscasts. These are prerecorded stories that are introduced by the anchor before they are played. News packages can either go right into the story or begin with the reporter talking into the camera. After the prerecorded portion of the story is done, the reporter usually concludes the story at the scene or at the station. In the case of this news package, the prerecorded part gets right into the story and ends with the reporter at the station.
There have been numerous studies indicating the healing power of nature. It is in fact our increased exposure to artificial environment and decreased contact with the natural surroundings that has led to the deterioration of our well-being and increased level of stress in our lives.
Is anyone excited about the Super Bowl? I am so not into it this year except for the fact that we are the host city. That makes it kinda cool. There is a lot of hustle and bustle around town and that is exciting. Too bad that I really don't care for either of them this year. Oh well, I am still looking forward to snacking and watching the game.
We're certain we'll pass this situation... we don't know when and how,, but we'll do our best. Stay positive & optimist!!!
Start early and DO NOT procrastinate.
This one made me laugh. “Your mother loves you!”
The event that drawns them here like hungry yeast to fermentable sugars is a 'Meet the Brewer' night with the ale alchemists from The Kernel Brewery who have the rather consistent knack of turning water, malt, hops and yeast into liquid gold.
Prep before cooking to have kitchen supplies and ingredients ready to use:
I feel motherhood on a cellular level and every child is mine. The thought 'that could be Max' floats through my brain almost daily on hearing of any tragedy befalling a child.
In Hull, I guess that qualifies him for sainthood?
This evil scheme was supported and continues to be supported by many world leaders. President Obama traveled to Copenhagen in December 2009 to participate in a UN conference that was intended to impose one-world government and more recently the Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, made mention of “climate change”, the code words that replaced global warming.
(Yep, that relaxed feeling, bring it on!!!)
I cannot say enough about the people who co-hosted the challengs this year. I appreciate all the hard work they did, with a special shout-out to Jenny of the Pearson Report, who visited several times and left encouraging words.
Ferraris ARB
The second phrase is used in conversation: "I just wanted to touch bases". I think I heard that phrase five times last week alone. Can we please retire that old cliche? While that saying may have been clever and tasty when it was first coined, its age and overuse has stolen its flavor--kind of like a baseball game hot dog. Despite the number of times I hear people use this cliche, the next time I say I want to "touch bases" with a friend, we'd better be running around a baseball diamond together.
Mahar, commenting from her apartment in the Flatbush area, said she hadn't decided what to do with all the money, but that she definitely needs a waterfall installed in the living room. Kutey was seen later in the day sporting new 22" rims on his Kia Sportage.
Embossing: Cuttlebug Divine Swirls folder
1 pound salted codfish
In one respect, things were a bit more relaxed. Paul was no longer bound. Of course that would be true for he was Roman and it was illegal to bind a Roman citizen without a fair trial or condemned. This also shows that Lysius had gained a certain respect for his prisoner.
Weight: 24.4 lbs (55th percentile)
Do you see the little red handle hanging off the side of the bubble bum in the picture above? That's where the seat belt goes through. The little handle hold the seat belt onto the lap of the child and away from the belly and soft parts. It inflates very quick and deflates just as quick. It's an awesome product.
Firstly, McKnight contends that the early councils of the first few centuries basically got it right. Both Nicea and Chalcedon were on target as they sought to articulate the gospel. He writes, “careful attention … has now convinced me that ‘creed’ and ‘gospel’ are intimately connected, so intimately one can say the creed is the gospel” (63, emphasis mine).
I drive to meet the boat we both think the same thing.
5. Despite living in Glasgow for the last decade and not going 'home' very often (I come from a small town about an hour away from the city) I still occasionally slip into my local dialect and hit out with words and expressions that only folk from the 'shire would understand. Prime examples of this, much to my husband's amusement, are "een" which means 'eye', "ai-ways" meaning 'always' and "tha-morn's-mournin'" which translates as 'tomorrow morning'. Madame G of Baroque Boudoir is also from another small town, not far away from where I grew up and I am very aware that after a couple of hours in her company after a few rums, it sounds like I've never left.
And did you see the view from the room Pantone 186 (above)? Stunning.
Hope everyone has a great weekend.
For both Batman and Dexter it’s more than just having likable qualities or vulnerabilities that make them anti-heroes. They do things that don’t quite fit into the norm of what is expected for a hero, but I think that if their personal experiences had been different, if their worlds had changed early on, they could be true heroes.
There at the end,
Another great source of community I have enjoyed since January, and boy have I learned a lot, is the wide world of blogging. Many writers share their writing online, resources, and their thoughts on things they’ve learned about writing. There are plenty of writing prompts offered on blogs as well. Some of the ones I like are Be Kind Rewrite has writing prompts on the blog called Inspiration Monday and Rosemary Mint has prompts on Thursday Melting. There are probably many more to be explored out there. It can be nice to use a writing prompt on one of those days nothing is coming to mind which I want to write about or just for the fun of it or as a challenge.
You are ALL Master Creator Chela/Cohan in your journey. NONE are of different, just in different times and lessons/stages. Please love thineselves you ARE your temple to your INNER purity and perfect harmonic balance that you were created in, by your Creator in perfect unconditional love. Within your “Temple” holds ALL KEYS and ALL ANSWERS to your soul journey path that you have chosen in this life and times. This is why often is said to you “look within, all things are there” you carry creator in PURE in WHOLE within your soul at ALL times and ALL ways. There is also a saying I like to say “CHANGE THOUGHT, CHANGE ALOT!”
I seem to get one plate back up and spinning and wouldn't you just know it, there are two more starting to wobble. Working full time,having an Etsy shop, and a blog can be a real balancing act some weeks.Throw in family time, and holidays and house work and before you know it, there's a floor full of broken plates....so to speak.
Who fascinates me with her creamy skin.
4. Mix the phillidelphia cheese with the garlic and parsley and season (I also added chives and basil)
ANYWAY--
This Week’s Live Music Highlights:
As a teenage metal dude, Metallica were the beez kneez. They revolutionised mid-eighties heavy metal, but somewhere along the line metamorphosed into Spinal Tap! The turning point was probably the death of bassist Cliff Burton. He was the X-factor. After his death, Metallica became just. another. metal. band.
for cruelty-free makeup
Information about the Author: Heidi W. Durrow is a graduate of Stanford, Columbia’s Graduate School of Journalism and Yale Law School.
In fact, I'll bet that when you first saw the topic -- Rice vs. Cameron -- that you had one of those two reactions. You either thought, "Hmm, Cameron over Rice, interesting, I wonder how they tried to make that argument," OR "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life and anyone who would even TRY to make an argument like that should be locked up*."
4. Deadline for entries is December 2, midnight CST, so we can announce our winner approximately around December 7.
Happy writing and may the transitions always move you forward,
I will tell the truth, I am not the world’s greatest fan of poetry. While I appreciate a good poem, and especially loved learning about them in school, I don’t make a habit of picking up books of poetry to read. I enjoyed reading Emily’s poems, but I am unable to offer a great critical review of them myself.
3. BOOK YOUR OWN FLIGHTS FOR THE BEST PRICES. If you're not used to travelling, go with a travel agent. Otherwise, shop around online. I use bestflights.com.au. One year I flew to London return for A$900. And get on email lists, so you know when good deals come up. At the moment there's a price war to the US. You can fly to NY return for $900 or so (plus $200 or so taxes).
So, this card should be right up his, erm, Case Study...!
Gone i want it and myself gone, toxic, perforated disgusted I am.
Rampant corruption in low-income countries also jeopardises the global fight against poverty and threatens to derail the UN Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), according to the report.
The search for ‘the real thing’ had moved from professional copies to youth that could act as they were living their life in London or Liverpool.
Many trips to the hospital parking lot in the past few weeks! Every time I walked to my car I was reminded of God's many many blessings and his faithfulness!
Rest it in the fridge for an hour. Then make 25 balls and roll them out in tongue shapes as mentioned in the cookbook (which I would love to own) or roll it out and cut it with a pastry cutter as mentioned by Deeba. I made them into different shapes as you can see but all of mine didn't come out too crsip. I would roll out the dough as thin as possible and and I had to bake it for almost 12 minutes unlike the 6 minutes mentioned. Remember to sprinkle your toppings and brush it with olive oil before baking!
Tell those stories to help your readers see God at work in a new way.
24 if while you are undertaking the work you are dismissed can/do you expect a period of notice?
The elderly lady just about to come in out of the rain and have a spot of tea and an english muffin was simultaneously struggling to close her black umbrella and pull open the entry door at the precise instant when some one obviously lacking self-control was exiting the breakfast shop. As the off-balance patron crashed into her, a sudden gust of wind caught the half-open umbrella and sent it careening out into the morning rush hour traffic!
Chances are they’ll find some kind of solitude in another place and within a short period of time something shall disturb them and off they’ll go again to find some greener pastures.
Does this sound confusing? Well, think of it like this - the HTML code will do a couple of things. It tells the computer where your picture is (the green line) and where you want to go (the red line). Once you have changed those two lines, you are finished! If you click over to the "Compose" tab, you should be able to see your picture! And once you publish, you should be able to click on it!
A culinary ratio is a fixed proportion of one ingredient or ingredients relative to another. These proportions form the backbone of the craft of cooking. When you know a culinary ratio, it's not like knowing a single recipe, it's instantly knowing a thousand. - Michael Ruhlman
Don’t go
are always between
Afterwards, I took a nice long nap, to get ready for my 'bash'. The Hubs and the kids took me to the restaurant. Sadly, I don't have any photos from this event because even though I brought my camera, I was too busy being "in the moment" to take any. Friends did take some for me, though, I just haven't gotten copies from them yet. No worries on that scrappin' front! My bestest buds were there, plus a couple of their husbands... and a surprise friend who is my LONGEST running friend since I moved here to Ohio. We don't get to spend a lot of time together because our lives move in such wildly separate directions, so it was awesome that she was able to make it. From my friends I got some lovely gifts, including a wonderful art print (she has a different art print in her office that I have coveted) all the way from New Mexico...
Opening the jumbo sausage roll, one gets a firm meatiness that lingers awaiting washing down with lagery goodness. Usually one goes for the economy sausage rolls, offering a far better sausage roll bang per buck, but today we are at the premium end of the sausage roll spectrum and all the better it is too. Thankfully it is not organic or anything, just a decent amount of pork goodness in a light and delightful puff pastry shell.
JAPANESE ATTACKS AMERICANS
You know what she did? She baked seven tiny loaf-sized cakes and made up some homemade icing while we were at school. When we all got to my house, the whole place smelled like vanilla and cake and Christmastime. We got to decorate cakes and put on sprinkles and eat and laugh.
1. The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins
I always wish I knew how to paint. Painting seems amazing. I never really tried it. I always want to, but I never did. Maybe I will. I can’t imagine how painters can create such beautiful images. I think the act of painting is something so mythical, spiritual, something I cannot grasp.
Naomie didn't seem too interested, I think it was still a bit advanced for her yet but she did play with a couple of twigs while I was helping Leyla do the sticking. We scrunched down the paper bag then squirted a whole load of craft glue all over the sides. I got Leyla to press twigs all around the outside. She wasn't too convinced because it was a bit messy haha, she kept saying "Oh no, I've got glue on my fingers" haha. She's definitely her mother's daughter! She kept at it though and we got it done. I then squirted some glue in the middle and we laid some twigs in there for the birds to sit on.
As she spoke, she brandished the sabre and lunged at the throat of her errant suitor,
I took this picture as Abby was explaining "OK! Daddy-doggy is ready to go sniff for diapers for E. Let's go!"
whatever seasoning you like (basil, oregano, parsley)
Not sure if all brands have this, but Avery has templates available for free online and I was able to easily design my labels the way I wanted. I had mine print out with a table that included the following categories: Name, School, Year, Teacher
Jon Thor Olafsson: guitar & vocals
Meanwhile, once I got all of the children in the group started, I stopped ONE of them and asked that child to practice saying the letters on his or her RAN board with me. When that child finished, I went on to the next child and did the same thing, and so on. It’s a method that has worked for me fairly well, year after year. I also send a copy of these RAN boards home with each child so that they can work on them at home, and I update them regularly as well.
I hope you found my tips useful. Try not to be put off by the enormity of the task, it may seem daunting at first but once you get used to your manager and how they work it becomes easier to manage their correspondence. How do you manage your boss’ emails? Do you have any other Do’s and Don’ts that you can share?
15. Shayna Steele, Jordan Ballard, Kamilah Marshall “Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered”
US$450,000 — The amount Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon have paid for a nanny for their twins Roc and Roe
Head on over to the Skipping Stones Designs blog to get all the detail and see the rest of the samples everyone made using this weeks sketch.
people in this business who's very prolific, but very
I love the love story! It's so much fun to watch it evolve. Eros is so entertaining, and at times he is pretty hilarious. (His friendship with Hermes is fantastic.) I also appreciated that it's a real love story and not just about lust - they really do love each other, and that fills me with all kinds of sparkles and warm feelings inside.
And the nice thing is, since I'm trying to be frugal right now, I will only be spending $1.87/shake for two meals out of the day...that's some savings!!
I’ve lost the want
Marinara Sauce takes a little longer to make than the crust so you will start it about 1 hour earlier. I made mine early that day to have ready when I made the crust. In a medium sauce pan add all tomatoes and roasted peppers to simmer over medium low heat until moister is cooked off. Then move tomatoes and peppers over to a food processor and pulse until all blended. Move back over to sauce pan and add remaining ingredients. Simmer over lowest heat for another 20 minutes.
Baby Bruin got finished up and is now blocking. I'm happy to say, the logo evened out nicely. I'll post pics when it's dry and the buttons are on. Still no sign of baby, so I might knit a pair of matching socks.
For the slicer:
When Jude writes in verse 17 and 18 that there will be scoffers it is a clear warning that the Christian life is not exempt from the trials and frustrations of our lives. In fact, it seems quite clear to me that Christians are probably more vulnerable to the problems in our life.
draw it close.
Cheri Cheri Maria
June 1995; Beirut, Lebanon; with women’s and
One hour later it was still there and by the time I sent you the report, maybe 3 hours later, it was taken. I hope is enlightening someone's night.
survivors all,
In the end, I think a great deal of life depends on the consumption (and thus destruction… and thus suffering) of other life.
Then head on over to some of the other links and praise, encourage and motivate.
-place dumplings into pan, and leave till it starts getting crispy underneath
On the upside, that's only MY impression, as I'm the only person who knew what I originally intended. The beer itself is good, really good.
When Dena falls gravely ill, she returns to her home town from busy New York City, to the doting, loving care of Aunt Elner who is the personification of small town kindness. While in Elmwood Springs Dena begins to search for roots to her past and discovers a shocking secret.
Nine lives, of people living in different places and having different religious beliefs and practices, yet dedicated to a way of life based on their religion. Some ascetics, some prostitutes, and some somewhere in between. By telling their stories, Dalrymple makes it possible to catch brief glimpses of Indian “religion”, without imposing too much of a Western framework on it.
A) I could get what I want! My tastes often do not follow that of what is on, and my meager budget limits what I can afford to basically whatever the masses are feeling at the moment.
“…You taking the main channel?”
*Hot glue gun
Do you choose partners for your students?
His final piece of silverware was the 2008 FA Cup he won with Portsmouth.
The term geometry means the area of mathematics that deals with lines, shapes and space. Plane geometry is about flat shapes lines lines, circles and triangles. Solid geometry is about 3-dimensional shapes like spheres and cubes.
All of my hydrangeas started turning green a couple of weeks ago, as they always
During highschool, Obari had a friend in class called Urushihara Satoshi who would often be carrying the 3 pegged sheets of paper animators use to draw on. Curious about this, Urushihara told him to draw using it and when Obari saw how simple his drawings could be made to move and come to life, he was instantly hooked. Following on, Obari became determined to learn about how anime was made and over the summer holidays Obari used money he had gained from part-time jobs, and decided to book appointments with various studios and meet with the animators face to face. Back then he did not realise that you could go to special art schools and technical colleges for learning animation and instead chose a more unorthodox direct method, which somehow managed to pay off.
Above, recently discovered family photograph of the Dunhams during the early 1950s in Beirut, Lebanon. In 1953, Stanley Armour, Madelyn Dunham along with Ann Stanley was stationed in Beirut with Dr. Thetford, most likely than not as deep cover CIA agents.[50] Dr. Thetford’s primary research from 1950-1953 had centered on the personality development and fantasy projections of children.[51] Most likely than not, they had been clandestinely MK ULTRA briefed and trained on ultra secret projects involved in the development of cybernetic children through Wisner and Helm’s OPC of the U.S. State Department.
They ride and take the tube
Jeena
However, while the sun maybe out, it is not quite yet time for skirts and maxis, as it remains on the chilly side. Here we have an outfit inspiration modeled by Ade, that shows how to wear a winter wrap with your spring outfit. This mean you can still look chic enough for the sun, but not freeze your socks off :)
But on his watch, the Navy SEALs took out bin laden. And whether the gave the command or not, he is going to milk it to the very end. Of course, he was the one who talked about NOT SPIKING THE FOOTBALL, and here he is. Using this as a political tool. Actually, he is the tool. And not a very sharp one either.
There's an interesting link in this morning's Brownstoner (courtesy of a New York Post story) about crime rates in Brooklyn for the first half of 2007. Murder rates in the Brooklyn North borough command area are up 34 percent, with a chunk of that coming in places like Bushwick; even in the tonier areas of BN (i.e. Brooklyn Heights), robbery, assault, and grand larceny have spiked. Brooklyn South, which includes PLG, has seen an overall decline.
Sitting is definitely not good, either, and I find myself spending a LOT more time laying on the couch than I normally would. On the other hand, all of this ‘not working out’ time has forced me to be majorly productive. Over the weekend I looked into rolling over my pension plan from my old job into an individual account (the verdict is that I can’t do it until I pay off the loan I took from it), looked into finding a credit union, read a lot and updated my goals. I even opened the Japanese book I’ve been meaning to work from since January. Time. I has it.
Genre: Contemporary Fiction
Leave My Kitten Alone by The Detroit Cobras
Er...that's great, Nancy, but who's your publisher? What's your book title? Why does your blog have only one post?
"The Thinking Machine Investigates"
Now I had a good childhood, a very good childhood. I had parents who loved me, I went to good schools and had 2 acres of woods to play in. I was lucky. To read those lines and if you met me, you'd think that I didn't need anyone to make my childhood 'bearable'...but I did.
'Let God stand up and take the credit, "until then I am going to give credit to humans" ~said Matt the secular humanist. O'rly? Duh!
Why? Well, you don’t want to make a total idiot of yourself by publishing something full of grammar and spelling errors do you? That’s hardly going to attract an agent or a publisher, or many readers for that matter, no matter how wonderful your story. You might think you can sort this kind of thing out yourself using the spell and grammar checker in your word processing program, but you’ll be amazed how many errors slip through! In the interests of market research, I’ve been checking out some of the free self-published books on my Kindle, and most of them do themselves no favours. (Muse: that might be why their authors are giving them away?)
Yet, I understand from some folks from England that they were also assured that their meat was all right until the government officials could not longer ignore the people who were suffering with this maddening disease. The human form is known as variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD). The beginning stage is largely one of anxiety, depression and other psychiatric symptoms.
Admiral Walter F. Doran, USN (Ret.) Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet (’02-’05)
us and them
In 1947 Thor Heyerdahl set out on an epic adventure across over four thousand miles of pacific ocean to prove a theory about the settlement of the pacific islands. He would source and build a traditional raft of balsa wood on which to make his journey. He was determined as far as possible to be authentic in his endeavour, and, despite some modern kit, a radio and the use of steel wire instead of vines as a material to tie the raft together with, he achieved his aims spectacularly. He and his fellow travelling companions were towed from a Chilean port and began their journey across the ocean. The currents were favourable and suggested this was a plausible theory.
The strategy usually works well, and many books see a nice spike in sales for 4-5 days. A few books will climb in rank and sell hundreds of copies within a few days of going free. Some books will stay steady in the rankings for a few weeks. And a lot of books will fall off the charts within a week. Each book, though, has its shot to succeed. For some, it's the book's only chance of ever finding an audience. So watching the sales cycle immediately after the book is put back on the paid list is important.
4:05 pm EST: Check out this SP-500 Weekly Candles Chart with the MCAD shown below the price. When the weekly MACD cross above zero and is pointing higher at a 45 deg angle, you should be looking to “buy the dips” as the SP-500 upward price movement has good momentum that could last 2 to 3 more months. Which in this case, would carry the SP-500 price to my 1400 to 1440 price target for the conclusion of P1-C3.
Anyhow, today I have two topics to discuss and to start it off, here’s little something you don’t hear very often these days.
I think that made an impression on the landlord. Hence all the work that's going into this place.
The crass plug first. I was lucky enough to be asked to contribute some reviews to the book Endless Trip, an American/Canadian companion volume to Galactic Ramble. But even if that weren't the case I would still highly recommend it. A fantastic collection of reviews, both new and vintage, of 60s & 70s era pop, psych, folk, prog, rock, r&b, & even some jazz. It's bigger than your phonebook, even if you live in a major metro area, containing over 3000 reviews, both well-known and obscure. Click the book title to order your copy.
It also increases your metabolic rate (your calorie burning rate). Some experts believe that it keeps your metabolism running for hours after you have had your breakfast. This means that you are going to lose weight for 3 – 4 hours.
Tomorrow I'll be sharing my new favorite breakfast with you. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
LCNV held its annual Holiday Potluck Party this past December 6, 2011. Over 250 staff, students, and supporters came together in the spirit of the holiday season, and shared a meal and conversation.
After one more meal we headed to the airport. Security was pretty standard, nothing I hadn't expected. I'd now gone through two sets of airport security with knitting needles and no questions. For the curious, I was flying with KnitPicks Wooden 4" Double-Pointed Needles, or as I prefer to call them, oversized painted toothpicks. I cast on a project immediately after getting through security in La Crosse and through 4 airports no one even asked what I was making. I did, of course, have extras in my checked luggage.
If God is not willing that any should perish who is? John 1:4 states that in Christ was life; “and the life was the light of men.” Who is the god of death? John 8:44answers this. To the unbelievers Christ said, “Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning.”
I am a recovering alcoholic. I have been sober over 8 years, and I love every day of my life now, which is some form of major miracle to my mind, both the sobriety and the sheer joy and happiness. I love who I am today, and I believe that I am finally the woman I was meant to be all of my life. That this has finally happened at the age of 52 carries with it certain sense of poignancy, though I try not to dwell on what life might have been like had I found myself sooner, or more to the point, never surrendered myself in the first place. However, I intellectually know that when trauma and sexual abuse happens to a person at the age of 4 or 5, that person is in no solid position to decide what they surrender or do not. This is especially true if there is no supportive adult to guide the child through, or someone to simply bother to acknowledge that it happened in the first place.
PRODUCTS:
Comment #485 - Deb Dorrington (confirmed)
1 avail
When I walked into class the following day, I wondered whether or not Jane Austen student would in fact remember to bring her pictures of Chawton and, if she did, how I would explain to her that I would not, in fact, be able to see them, much as I wished to. ‘Idiot,’ I thought. ‘Golden opportunity for a teachable moment here, and because you’re such a politically-correct chickenshit, you’ve let it slip right past.’ As I suspected, Jane Austen student did in fact bring her pictures and suggested walking to my office with me so she could share them. Now the moment had come; there was no way out, but how could I offend her when she’d gone out of her way to bring the pictures and seemed so enthusiastic about sharing them with me?
July 27
ODIs- 175, Wickets- 182, Avg- 26.61, 4W- 4, Best- 6/14
When ready to serve – stir in the fromage frais and reheat the soup gently, without letting it boil.
However, if you are looking for a place for date night, Cafetasia is also a great pick during the evening. The floating candles create a hint of style and dash of flair, together great ambiance. I would recommend this restaurant for a causal date as sometimes you might have trouble hearing your date, as it can get very loud.
and bloom.
The last scene of the finale saw Alicia standing on the doorstep of her old house, staring down at the welcome mat. A combination of accident and motivation had dropped the house in Peter’s lap, and as she listened to her children laugh and make pizza with the man she once loved, the choice was clear. The past, or a version of same, versus an uncertain future. The former risks a loss of self (and the moral superiority of leaving Peter), but the latter is something that hasn’t always been kind to Alicia, and has in some ways hardened her.
Hoodi--Runs a knitting kiosk on the boardwalk at Seaside Heights. Hoodi hides her Jersey big hair under a knitted cotton sweatshirt, teaches her customers how to pick up stitches using their nails, and was recently arrested for stabbing her boyfriend Woodie in the crotch with a #7 straight needle while threatening to garrote him with the matching circ.
I did mention about Joe painting the railing.
Monica Riffe
Freezer - I like to pop my clay into the freezer for a few minutes. You can then pop the clay out of the mold and use the same mold to do a new piece, making many replicas before curing.
were creating this moisture that just shrouded the scene in a
THE PRESIDENT: Our biggest priority as an administration is getting the economy back on track and putting people back to work. Now, without relitigating the past, I’m absolutely convinced, and the vast majority of economists are convinced, that the steps we took in the Recovery Act saved millions of people their jobs or created a whole bunch of jobs.
Today, via the guys in the brown shorts I received, the slickest pair of the new Kinvara 3 (not even available in the country yet!). For a guy like me, that’s like a 550 NIS gift that I will use to the utmost. So, thanks Saucony, I’m really grateful. I might even try them in the 10k next week.
Your voice is gentle, oh oh oh, and sentimental
Game day plans are being developed with the Hawaii Rugby Union and a big crowd is expected to turnout for a full day of rugby and entertainment to support both teams.
-Heat canola oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the veggie crumbles and break up with a spoon.
309) sharing a good laugh with my daughter this afternoon
All hell broke loose (in honor of my dad)
Recommendation $ 8,500
A Russian Imperial Stout in...
I’m interested in doing a PhD at a school that requires you to pass passively in French at the end of the four year program. I want to work in Ottawa and/or in government, both of which essentially require French. Almost every plan of mine requires that I learn French.
One fellow in our group has asked several times about pickles, claiming they are less than 5 calories. Someone else asked about sugarless Jello. I’ve never checked, but it’s quite possible that those little 3 or 4 oz sugarless Jello cups are under 5 calories. So you’d think that they would be OK. Or maybe chicken broth (to add to the soup?) or something else. But our group leader has vetoed these.
O Nightingale, catch me his strain!
Go to the local grocery store. Take with you the closest thing you can find to a pre-school child. (A full-grown goat is an excellent choice). If you intend to have more than one child, then definitely take more than one goat. Buy your week's groceries without letting the goats out of your sight. Pay for everything the goat eats or destroys. Until you can easily accomplish this, do not even contemplate having children.
In short, my community activism needs to take precedence tonight; given the slowless with which I write, making that deadline tomorrow morning after beginning at 9:00 p.m. would be challenging. Obviously, I feel badly about skipping out on Office Hours tonight, or else I wouldn't bother explaining.
They were pretty much saying over and over that France was definitely going to win. (spoiler -- nope) and if they didn't win, the U.K. was going to win (spoiler -- nope again).
In our writing, is it lucky three? Other numbers are endowed with symbolism, although three does appear to be particularly popular in Western writing. So should we use it in our picture books? Why not, if it works? We probably do it subconsciously. But if we use it too much, will the magic of three wane?
Baked Apple Pie & Grandma's Kitchen
- A passion for fashion and creating the worlds warmest boots
A teacher at a Catholic school in Indiana is suing the diocese where she worked after being fired because the in vitro fertilization treatments she received were considered against church teachings.
4. Surprise me! Anything goes, but must be within the price restriction below.
Nov 16 – Tremont Music Hall – Charlotte, NC (W/Cobra Starship)
I notice that they don’t name the perp, and that I haven’t seen the former VP in a while…
So another week down! I must admit, the last couple of Me Made challenges I've participated in were a struggle. Being relatively new to sewing I had only a handful of "wearable" MM items to choose from which made putting together outfitsVERY tricky; and often resulted in somewhat bizarre combinations that certainly didn't reflect my personal style very much. This time around, it's proving easier. Namely because I have a growing number of MM items to play with AND, more and more of them are reflective of my personal style. I've never really had a "personal style aesthetic" before. It really was a bit incoherent, mismatched and I had alot of "stuff" that just didn't go with other "stuff" or just didn't suit me! But the ability to sew and adapt my own clothes seems to have opened the door for me to experiment with different shapes/styles and I can definately see a few patterns emerging in how I dress....
Along with heaven and hell, the missionaries have introduced a market economy to the Dani, encouraging the establishment of collectives to grow coffee and other crops. The money is used to buy clothes, steel tools and even mobile phones — you can sometimes get a signal from the mountain peaks — but the God squad has had less success in other areas.
– Concerns Over Financing Stall Juvenile Justice Reforms in Georgia
If this argument were successful and further developed, it might demonstrate that the Humean Naturalist must choose between the alternatives of Naturalism in combination with something like Intelligent Design on the one hand, and Theism on the other. That would be an impressive and legitimate ad hominem argument.
She’d closed her eyes whilst trying to relax herself, but they snapped open at the mention of her name.
Okay -- so there's not time or room enough to highlight everyone in one post. I have learned something though. Everyone is a character. We just need to look and listen and and pay attention to them. What makes them interesting? What is it about this person that makes me want to smile when I am around them? Why does the hair on my arms stand up when I stand next to that person? How can I create characters in my stories that create these kinds of emotions for my readers? What do you do? Do you base your characters on people you know?
He doesn’t change his appearance at the plastic surgeon’s office in order to avoid his persecutors or reality.
P.P.S. I know I've been accused of nitpicking, and arguing about semantics when I talk about words I use, words I like and dislike, and all that. But the fact remains, I find this subject both interesting and *personally* important, so I can't help but nitpick and complain about terms on occasion!
“I think perfect objectivity is an unrealistic goal; fairness, however, is not.”
A subsidy-laden, once-every-five-years farm bill is winding its way through Congress. The bill keeps the “good-to-fuel” mandates that are expanding corn acreage and contributing to a rise of global food prices.
But was the topmost leadership of the ANC unaware?
Like other Axillary Hyperhidrosis sufferers, the embarrassment of excessive armpit sweating reduces your confidence to a miserable level. Whilst my natural character may be confident and outgoing, when approaching social engagements with soaking wet armpits, shame takes over, controlling my body language and making me look like someone who does not want to engage.
Trying to stay on as much of the original Route 66 as possible kept me off Interstate 40, which supplanted 66, at least some of the time. Often it was just driving the frontage road, but since I hate freeways and roaring semis, I enjoyed the slower pace.
OK, there you go.
i know these next couple of months will be hard, not only for myself, but also for a few of my dear BLM friends as we head for holidays and angelversaries. today, my heart is with my dear friend tiffany and her family as they mark the 1st angelversary of their amazing girl Ellie. i got the opportunity to meet tiffany and her family back in july when i went on my getaway to MN. and just like all of the BLMs that i have come to know since losing Julius, i feel a deep connection to her and her baby girl. so my heart is extra heavy today. if you get a chance, please stop by her blog and read all about her precious Ellie and say a little prayer for them.
such a winter. Has the Earth
My Pop, Gil King DFM lead the March every year holding the largest of the Australian Flags in a holster. Dressed in school uniform we'd walk behind them and our parents behind us. Until we crossed my Nana Pat sanding on the corner of Jopling Street. She would wave and smile at Pop, at us, at everyone. But her eyes didn't smile. She hated ANZAC Day. She still does.
Again we both laughed awkwardly. I swear, it was like an interaction between a little boy and his pet rat. Lab rat, more like it. But the sound of us laughing triggered some loud coughing down the hall…from the female doctor.
Dress Rehearsal Rag, by Leonard Cohen:
My hours have been cut at work and I will soon be laid off. I really didn't want to whine on my blog
It seems to me that this kind of club will work best for publishers or imprints with a narrower focus (as Sourcebooks is focusing on romance), although through-the-mail-book clubs sometimes offer a wide range of fiction and nonfiction. As I mentioned in my post about publisher relevancy, publishers may benefit from deciding what they want their name to mean (beyond “quality” which they all claim) and promoting a clear brand.
and take the debris back to Hidden Canyon,
For the month of April, select items from the Redeemed Collection are on sale (including the vase and coasters), so be sure to check those out! Dayspring has also been very generous and is giving one A Modern Day Fairy Tale reader the chance to win a FREE Everything Beautiful Vase
“Community groups across Victoria clearly understand what Ted Baillieu does not – that short term profits from coal and coal seam gas will cost Australians our health, our prime agricultural land and our climate,” said Australian Greens Deputy Leader, Senator Christine Milne.
Mary: Well, the rest of our slots are booked today. We can see you tomorrow at..."
just as I had thought he would first react.
A definite Double Thrill – first in realising I had not lost the Dunoon Mug, it is just waiting for me in Norfolk, and second, in finding something attractive I had quite forgotten about. Result!
the fear of the unknown,
The next step is to choose a coordinating fabric for the ruffles.
Yeah, I don’t know either.
The more I think about it, the more I’m sure it can’t fail. Given the shortage of Catholic priests, once the thing is up and running we might even be able to an official deal with the Church; after all, this concept would go a long way towards easing their manpower problems. I can also see possibilities for offering different apps for other religions. You could do diet checks for Jews and Muslims (hell, their dietary restrictions are so similar, you’d only have to write the software once). You use your smartphone to read the bar code on a product in a supermarket and the app tells you whether it’s kosher or halal or not. The Muslim Comfort option finds your location automatically per GPS, calculates sunrise and sunset for your position, reminds you when it’s time to pray and
For several days now, Shiloh the donkey has been showing signs of impending labor. She was a rescue that we adopted, and she was already bred. We just didn’t have a clue when she was due. I have been studying up as best I can, but I have never seen a horse or other member of the equine species foal, so I wasn’t sure what to look for. As it turns out, there wasn’t much on line at all about donkey labor. (Here’s a tip for other donkey owners) I finally figured I’d research horses in the hopes they were similiar. Thankfully, donkeys pretty much follow the same signs as horses–though I learned there are a few differences.
Anyone who is reading this probably knows someone who has a child, grandchild, nephew, niece, or someone in their family that loves or knows someone who love J.K. Rawlings famous 7 book/8 movie Epic “Harry Potter” There is no use into going into what the movie is about, since basically everyone with a TV or computer has heard of Harry Potter. This blog post is about a minor, but very important character in the movies, The Hogwarts Express….
Like Elizabeth I before her and Victoria after, Catherine’s long and stable reign is a historical anamoly. A woman managing to gain, hold and exercise power and literally rule men is so incredibly unlikely that when it happens it becomes mythic. And unlike English queens, it appears Russian empresses were acknowledged to have sex lives, even outside of marriage. Empress Elizabeth and Catherine both had a series of “favorites” with all-hours access to their private chambers. Catherine eventually installed one as King of Poland (under heavy Russian control). The most famous, Gregory Potemkin, was rumored to be her husband though they never could have acknowledged it and their partnership evolved from romance to administration. Massie matter-of-factly recounts Catherine’s lovers (a total of 12) but never brings up the notorious rumors about sexual relations with a horse. Untrue rumors, I should add. Even Snopes says so.
Tomato Chickpea Curry
I have been reading the book Creative Time and Space by Rice Freeman - Zachary and in it there was a tip about getting a shopkeepers will return at (or a do not disturb) sign to let people know you are making art. I didn't want a cheesy plastic sign, so I made my own last night. I printed a vintage photo on a sheet of canvas with the quote "The Muse is in, so I am out. Please do not disturb until", and mounted it to a piece of wood using matte medium. I then made cards with times on them using a business card template. I'm not crazy about the pocket for the cards and will most likely be changing it, but now my family knows when to leave me alone and when I can be bothered again.
fun. You jump on and off them and ride and change and they are cheap.
Tasteful and full of fun, Happy Socks are sized specially for a better fit.
In the other corner, the Roman lyric poet Horace asks, “Why do you hasten to remove anything which hurts your eye, while if something affects your soul you postpone the cure until next year? ”
The Kroger Family of Stores 1-800-632-6900
My lovely wife also taught the family a game she learned at camp entitled Spud (and honestly, does Wikipedia have an entry for everything?). Every player is given a number. One player throws a ball high in the air and calls a number. While all the other players scatter, the person whose number was called must catch the ball and then yell “Stop”. When all the other players stop, the person with the ball takes four steps towards another player and throws the ball at that targetted player. If the player is hit, the hit player earn a letter (“S”, “P”, “U”, or “D”). If the thrower misses, the thrower earns a letter. When a person collects “SPUD”, they are out of the game. We usually can play only two or three rounds of this game before it degenerates into a helter-skelter of ball-throwing.
The joint that kicked off the dessert bar trend in 2003, ChikaLicious is as good as watching a friend whip up magic in her kitchen while you get to prop yourself up at the counter with a glass of sherry or a cup of chamomile. As you sit back and relax, Chika prepares your meticulous treats in the open kitchen while her husband-partner-sommelier, Don, offers the perfect accompanying wine. Rounding out the chez-amis vibe are homey details like mismatched china, jazz music, and lots of small talk and genuine smiles.
I'm going with Yonny Perez over Joseph Agbeko and Abner Mares beating Vic Darchinyan. I personally love watching the smaller weight classes, I'm really looking forward to these two fights.
I woke peacefully as normal on Friday morning and saw an unexpected text message on my phone from the night before. It was from someone I once knew that no longer talks with me. I could only see a little of the message because it was sent to the email address associated with my phone number and included a title, but I could see enough that made it obvious that it was about me, but apparently intended to be sent to someone else. Therefore, many thoughts went through my head of what must have happened. Since it was a reply to one of my old texts she must have tried to send it to a friend or other person just to bash me in some way. Or……. it’s some kind of game that would fit perfectly with her personality and daily strategies. I believe it was bashing me to someone though and suggested I was replying to her poetry with my poems. What the…..??? So, now my mind has to be distracted as I worry that tyrannical thoughts will conclude whatever I write is for that person? One thing the message definitely confirmed is that I’m being watched daily and very closely. This fact bothered me for the first half of Friday, but I was later able to laugh it off and take it as a reminder of all I’m NOT missing. I’ll continue to write without the worry of misconceptions. Also, I’ll appreciate even more about all I have in my life now.
Other insect problems is the tomato horn worm. It blends into the foliage surprisingly well for how huge it is. It can defoliate a small plant quickly, but will just damage big ones a bit. If you see one remove it. You usually find it by the damage it does and not by seeing the caterpillars first. Sometimes you will find white cocoons on the caterpillar. If you do leave it, those are parasitic wasp cocoons and you want to encourage them. Trust me that caterpillar will be doing no more damage.
Toss hot sweet potatoes with the arugula and walnuts. Drizzle the dressing over the salad to taste. Salad will wilt slightly.
In term of brushes, a pointed round brush is perfect to add fine details once the initial washes of colour are dry. You can also use the tip of the brush handle to drag the colour and draw some grass blades. An old and distressed flat brush with uneven hair is a good tool to suggest the texture of grass in the middle ground.
I have a tart shell crust that I've fallen in love with, and it's the one from The New Best Recipe from Cook's Illustrated. It doesn't look like it from this photo but it's very easy to work with (I mauled it once it was in the pan). It's like a buttery shortbread, and that's a good thing in a tart shell.
I have a new camera - I am so stoked! My camera was only 3 years old but it started to give me trouble this spring when trying to photograph birds. Only self control (and being cheap) stopped me from throwing it into the ponds a few times on the weekend. Out of the blue this morning hubby announces that we are going to Windsor today and he was buying me a new camera. WHAT? No, not possible. Hubby does not like to spend money and he has zero interest in taking pictures himself. Hmmm, I must have shown my frustration a little more then I thought!
5) Primary and general elections are held--in Utah, this is done for fun, but it's already been decided that a case of rabies will be sent to Congress in lieu of the outgoing eighteen years of experience.
Ooh, ooh, the damage done.
The RCMP, CBSA and CSIS have all sent officers to Southeast Asia to try to stop human smuggling vessels destined for Canada. Last month, Thai immigration police arrested an alleged migrant smuggler named Nadesan Jeeyananthan, also known as German Babu, a dual citizen of Sri Lanka and Germany. He was taken into custody in Bangkok. Canadian and Thai officials allege he was involved in the voyage of the Sun Sea.
PS...Doesn't Cookie look cute in a kid's size pony saddle???
Foster Wheeler North America Signs Licensing Agreement With Wuxi Huaguang Boiler 12
Unfortunately for Hwa Yong, DAD announced that he will submit Bu Yong’s name in the selection instead of hers. Everyone’s in shock as Bu Yong called Dad in protest and Hwa Yong silently sheds a tear. Dad tells Hwa Yong to sincerely prepare her younger sister to enter the palace and she couldn’t do anything other than to agree.
For me, coming to the end of the semester seems like an appropriate time to talk about coping mechanisms. Healthy coping mechanisms that is. We’ve all got those unhealthy ones that do us more harm than good. Today I’m going to talk about positive ones. Mine, Kiki’s, and those of a mutual friend of ours: Dulce.
And that’s especially true because, unless I am completely misreading the signs, Slim Girl is a prostitute. Or at the very least, she uses sexuality to get herself money and favors from men. I don’t have any proof from the novel yet that she consummates any of these relationships, but if not she certainly is leading a man to believe she will. I have to admit, I was pretty shocked by this revelation, especially as La Farge drops it in slowly and casually, as if to say “Oh, how does she make her money? Well, let’s say a lot of gentlemen know her. Know her well, if you catch my drift.” Though not the title character, it feels like her story at this point, less than half-way into the novel: her story of how she grows closer to a native heritage she’s lost (but awakens to as she gets to know the strong young man she has married), her story of how she balances worlds (she dreams that the money she earns can be turned to profit by her new husband, whose artistry and craft can turn a little silver into beautiful artifacts and jewelry—she thinks they can become rich and then go away to live together in happiness), her story of how a young woman can gamble her whole self and lose. Because I don’t see how she, living perilously close to scandal in the white world and already a scandal to “her people” as she is, can hope to win. And I wonder if Laughing Boy will be brought low along side her, in the process. He seems loyal and kind, and utterly bewitched by her personality (even more than by her beauty). Such things are tragic flaws in fiction, as often as not. For the first time in a while, on this Pulitzer run, I think this is a novel some of you should go read….head to your library and get that ILL department working for you!
Toulouse sausage Scotch egg
Heather Draper – Well I would say that I love what I love (thanks Tricia and Kelly for that confidence) and I love almost everything!! I have to say I take the most pleasure in combining elements in unexpected ways, always in a subtle manner, to achieve a layered, lived in space that will age gracefully.
I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you.
I won't, but you should.
I’m not a sweets person, although I love ice creams, chocolates, and brownies, I find myself looking for pastry with light creams/filling to balance the sweet sugary taste that most bakeshops or boutiques seem to be doing to compensate for cutting down on the flavor elements. That’s when I discovered cream puffs. So just like my sisig obsession where I would order sisig from any restaurant that offers them just so I could compare, I also try out different cream puffs just to see how each one would fare against the others. This reminds me, I should do a cream puff review… (*jots down a reminder*). Looking at SM Mall of Asia’s restaurant directory (which is now a board printout placed on top of the touch screen…?), we came across the name “Chewy Junior”, and it immediately sparked our interest.
There’s a step two as well. When the initial disappointment of watching the girl child being pulled (or pushed, whatever) out of the womb gets past, the next test is that of the colour. And I hate the way MS Word puts that squiggly red underline and tells me that ‘colour’ is spelt ‘color’. It’s always gonna be ‘colour’ for me, get that straight you American prick. I have seen FAMILIES FROWN ON KNOWING THAT THE GIRL IS WHEATISH IN COMPLEXION. “KNOWING”. DO YOU GET IT? ON BEING TOLD, OVER TELEPHONES, THAT IT’S A GIRL, AND SHES BROWN. I was in a train and when I overheard this guy talking and ‘tsk-tsk’ing, I swear I wanted to push him off that running train, hoping he bangs on a rod and another train runs over him. GOD, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! And these advertisements on fairness creams and products; they just leave me flabbergasted at times! I do not understand on what’s about this race to get fair! Why does complexion matter at-all?! Blemishes, pimples, dark spots and stuff, I Understand (I don’t, I can just name them); but why do you want to change a shade of paint that’s forever yours? And that ‘excuse’, I just hate to, loath to, feel deeply disgusted to say that it’s the mothers and grand-mothers who cruelly tell the daughters that “Aisi kaali rahi toh koi acha milna mushkil hoga hume. Huliya Sudhaar khudka”. That literally translates to ‘If you remain this dark, it’ll be difficult for us to find a suitable groom. Improve the way you look and carry yourself”. Accusations imposed on the poor thing carrying her wretched parents hopeless genes, and also the pre-declaration of them finding the partner she will be spending 70% of her life with. Her soul mate, a man she’ll have to learn to love and respect eventually, regardless of what he is and how he behaves. The concept of arranged marriages may fancy some, but sorry, no matter how much you convince me, I will forever loathe them. I always prefer custom-built PC’s anyways.
After no little aliens came back, I had the mother alien look and look, and then she was sad. Then, she said “hep, hep, hep” and all five little aliens came back!
Rusty Dolleman
Use your might to direct the UN Population Fund
'Here I am about to spend the next few hours of my day pretending to the world that I am a WRITER - that I write things people want to read. Perhaps that's not true and maybe I am a FRAUD! Should I just stop kidding myself, pack up my things and go and look for a real job instead?'
Femivorism is grounded in the very principles of self-sufficiency, autonomy and personal fulfillment that drove women into the work force in the first place.
1 ushered
No, friends, greed is no virtue, but a myth of a materialistic age. It is childishness, wanting every day to be Christmas. And, until the bill is paid in full, I’m afraid we’re in for more horrors.
I was the only parent at Family Fun Night for the 6th graders who didn't stand on the side lines but rather played. It was so worth the tiredness, leaky bladder (thank you four pregnancies), loss of breath, sweat, and yes even the black eye. It was a blast and my son (and his best friend who was with us) said they weren't at all embarrassed because of how well I played *heart swell*
Teaser Tuesday is hosted by MizB over at Should Be Reading. Anyone can play along. Just do the following:
Anyway, that's it for me this WIPW. My knitting is going okay, but the items don't look very different so I didn't want to bore you. I also just wanted to show off my new project. ;)
I will list the general titles here and then each week get into them a little more and flesh them out for you. In brackets, next to each design step, I put the writing process step it most resembles. This might help some to better understand the designer.
When I saw that this book included the recipe Shrimp Creole, I knew I’d have to cook it. Recently, the boyfriend and I went to Florida, and while there we took a trip with some friends to St Augustine, a beautiful coastal town which is also the oldest in the States. This town is crammed with great restaurants, but the one we fell in love with was Harrys Seafood restaurant. I cannot recommend this place enough, the food was amazing, cocktails boozy and atmosphere was one of a kind. We sat in the garden, fairy lights twinkling around the palm trees and a musician playing in the background. For starters the four of us shared fried green tomatoes (way better than I expected) and voodoo shrimp. This shrimp recipe I have been trying to replicate ever since getting back, but it has been impossible, which is a shame as they were the best thing I ate all holiday. The rest of the meal was still stunning (stuffed shrimp, scallops and crab encrusted fish with grit cakes), but nothing topped those shrimp. I was really hoping that this recipe would come close, but sadly no luck. It was a really nice meal though, which I would definitely make again. For a start, any recipe that says to cook the diced veg in bacon drippings is going to be good, surely? The sauce was sweet but spicy, with the occasional salty smoky crunch from the crumbled bacon. I could only get hold of little prawns this week, I think next time I make it I’ll use king prawns so it adds more substance to the meal as the little prawns disappeared amongst the sauce.
Americans used to be able to look forward to a good retirement. Sadly this is no longer the case. According to Kiplinger if you manage to save a million dollars by the time you want to retire you will have about $40,000.00 a year to work with. If you save for retirement for 40 years you will need to put away $25,000.00 a year (not counting inflation). Wells Fargo recently conducted a survey stating that 20% of pre retirees reduced their retirement funding in 2009. Unfortunately the bad news does not end there. For the first time since the 1980s the Social Security Administration is paying more in benefits than it receives in payroll taxes. All of this does not bode well for would be retirees or anyone else.
When will Nigel present his wares for public scrutiny? Only time will tell, but I can guarantee you that when he does, his name will be one to watch. I wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors, in this current climate with small brewers popping up all over the place, it can be hard to make a name for yourself. If you can make consistently high quality beers though, people will become loyal to your brand and the beers you make.
“Money is the lifeblood of terrorism in these shady, violent, religious extremist groups,” he said. “If we can stop the flow of money, we can significantly reduce the threat here at home and abroad.”
Sangeeta went missing on April 20 after she left her husband’s home in Ulhasnagar for work. When she did not return, her family lodged a missing complaint with the Hill Line police on April 21. The same day, Sangeeta’s body was found near the railway tracks between Vangani and Badlapur stations in the jurisdiction of the Badlapur East police. Unaware of the missing complaint lodged at the Hill Line police station, the Badlapur police sent the body to the mortuary of Central Hospital in Ulhasnagar. The fact that the victim’s face was severely damaged and no document was found on her body made it difficult for the police to establish her identity.
Serve with rye bread, crackers, and/or cut fresh vegetables such as carrots, celery, bell pepper strips, green onions, etc.
The Emily is a 2” grosgrain baby bow with tails on a pinch clip. This versatile bow goes with any outfit – it will complement everything from printed onesies to formal velvet dresses to playtime overalls! Fittingly, it is available in a multitude of colors: black, bubblegum, citron, cream, dark brown, lavender, light blue, pink, pink pearl, red, shocking pink and white.
An interesting issue that sometimes comes up is whether the photograph is an original work or merely the result of know-how on the part of the photographer (this distinction between originality and know-how is also evident in cases dealing with potential copyright protection for perfumes). In a recent ruling by the Cour de cassation (Supreme Court), protection was denied, with the Court approving the lower court's finding that the photograph was not a protected work in the following terms:
bring the best to you and yours!
Have a great weekend! I hope you have all your Christmas / Holiday shopping done by now!
Over 20 days, this column visited 10 states — Colorado, Maryland, New Hampshire, New Jersey, North and South Carolina, Pennsylvania, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia — and Washington, D.C., mostly on back roads, often in town squares, listening to how people feel about themselves and their country.
I shivered. The sun had disappeared for a moment. If we only stood in it for a moment, it should be okay, right?
rishi asked, what is the prefect reply to question”why do you want to leave the job.”
The movie John Carter is based on the book A Princess of Mars by Edgar Rice Burroughs, first of the Barsoom books. The first part of the book appeared in serialization in 1912, a hundred years ago. We now know that there isn't enough air to breathe on Mars, and nobody could go nearly bare-chested, like John Carter, in the Martian temperatures. But people didn't know that for sure back then.
She began to take flight instinctively, then remembered her new brood, and landed before she really got off the water. I had no idea that it was going to be a female and her brood, and once the action started I shot from force of habit, I will be more careful now that I know that there are ducklings all over the place, no more playing games with the mallards until their young have been raised.
I was introduced to scrapping in 2004, like many scrappers, from an in-home party. But I didn't scrap with real consistency until 2008, once my kids were a bit older and out of their infancy stages. :) As a graphic designer by profession, this hobby has brought me back to the fundamental reasons why I fell in love with design in the first place : paper, color, letter form and layout. My style has, of course, evolved from those early days. Now I would definitely say that I have a fun, cheerful, colorful and whimsical style. I LOVE to layer pattern, color and texture (especially with buttons, ribbon and sewing). I think it's safe to say that I love to embellish on my work. :) I currently design for American Crafts, October Afternoon, and am a Garden Girl for Two Peas in a Bucket. I've been fortunate to have had my work published in several magazines ranging from Creating Keepsakes, Scrapbook Trends, CARDS, Paper Crafts as well as Scrapbooks and Cards Today. I am from the beautiful state of Washington, but I currently live in a small quintessential New England town in Connecticut with my awesome husband of 12 years, our daughter, 9, and our son who nearly 6.
Then add the dried fruit. Carefully press the toppings into the melted chocolate. This will keep your toppings from falling off when you break up the chocolate later. I chilled mine in the fridge for about 10-15 minutes to firm up. When chocolate is firm, break into pieces!
The best thing that could happen to any brand or person promoting services on Tumblr is for their post to go "Viral", this occurs when users start reblogging the content thousands of time.
TID: 00435699
I love spending time finding out how I can get the expensive looks of high-end decor at a fraction of the price (if I do the work myself). I love seeing wonderful scrapbook layouts at a quick glance. I love pinning recipes for the crock pot or fun kid-friendly meals.
The gain is not a surprise, at least, not as I look back on how I ate this week. I had fast food three, maybe four times this week. I had two or three sodas to drink per day. I did not drink anywhere near enough water at work. I also had a BLT kinda week at work. If I could put it in my mouth… I did. Bites of cheese, licks of sauce, tastes of cake, and cookies. Add to that the fact that the previous week I did none of my nightly exercises, and still am not doing my sit ups and push ups again.
How will ORFU continue to trade? $400,000 in donations received doesn’t absolve the union of its obligations.
In any case, if the EDL does or did break the law, then the police can deal with it. Again, the UAF/SWP alliance is not a law-making or democratic body. So why should we even care what it thinks about the EDL?
Of course, it was obvious to everyone that mum was paralytic drunk. She was flopped down in the cushions with the world a blurred view through top and bottom eyelashes. In front of the whole family Helen bit the bullet and came out with it.
But clearly, If I've taken the trouble to design a recipe with a certain gravity/hop ratio I should have bothered. Especially if I want a competition winning beer.
and sees more clearly
Finding out how Considerably to invest
Since Brilliant Orange was published in 2001, that’s where Winner has to leave the story. The zenith of total football was the Dutch national team of 1974 who lost 2-1 to Germany in a heartbreaking World Cup final. Total football is a stylish way to play but it’s yet to be proven that it’s a successful way to play – at least if success is measured by trophies.
Sure, the 1995 BBC version outstripped this one. Early BBC costume dramas look prehistoric now, with their immovable cameras and bad lighting. I did a lot of group viewing of the 1995 Pride and Prejudice too — including one memorable weekend with all my best grad school girlfriends, piled together in a friend’s apartment, loading up on Colin Firth like too many candy bars. (Aldine, I haven’t forgotten that, nor the fact that you’re the one who introduced me to North & South.)
Fate is a funny thing, I thought I was doing the right thing by changing my career choice but somehow fate directed me back to the path I wanted to be on all along.
They step onto the wooden balcony Darryl has seen on his first climb. The landing winds itself all around on first floor level. Larryl walks boldly towards the guard, who whispers
1.) Have your closest friends and family members take the following survey. They have to know you extremely well, otherwise it's going to be all over the place. It's only four questions, and some of them may seem silly, so make sure they take it seriously. I've added some answers people said about me as possible examples.
I also managed to find time to make a batch of dandelion wine. This is very time consuming to pick all of the blossoms but well worth it.
From 1670 to 1760, the Abenaki were considered by the Jesuits to be "the guardian angels" of their francophone colonies. They were at the perimeters and outposts of the settlements and outposts of New France, and suffered every time the British set out with their troops to conquer the territory. The Abenaki acted as a buffer, delaying the British long enough for the French to organise a counter-attack. During these colonial wars the Abenaki paid a heavy price. At the end of the wars, many Abenaki returned to the part of their homeland now occupied by the naissant USA. Others settled permanently at Odanak and Bécancour (W8linak). In 1812 they took up arms again on the side of the British, while the US fought on the side of the francophone colonists during the events of 1837.
Basically, this guy who I didn’t know (2,000 person school) had gone out of his way to REALLY organize his organizer. He had a key in the back, explaining his acronyms:
Get Elipticalizing!
- I used 1/2 cup Nestle semi-sweet morsels for the melting
Accessories: Twill ribbon, wood button, twine from The Twinery, Copic markers, Dienamics scalloped die from My Favorite Things
Plus.... Fun! It will just be fun!
A prank gone wrong…
As the recession hit, the Legislature started passing budgets it knew were unbalanced, causing the state to run out of cash mid-year and run up billions of dollars in unpaid bills. Periodically, the state would issue general-obligation bonds to pay off the bills backlog, again shifting pension liabilities into bond debt.
Commanding General, U.S. Army Central Command (’07-’09)
How to Stop Bullying and Harassment
But if you follow the trail of the story it was originally an Akkadian Tale, and in Akkadian the word Babel translates as Bab = Gateway El = God. A gateway to God, now that is something that the Lord would probably have an issue with, wouldn’t you if some people started building a back door into your house?
Number 4 on the list is variety. It’s the “spice of life”, as the saying goes. What I’m talking about here is adding variety to your workouts and therefore adding change and challenge too. Henry Ford puts it nicely: “If you always do what you’ve always done, you’ll always get what you’ve always got”. So, in my fitness and Pilates classes for new mums for example, I provide options and levels, and every week there’s something different eg we’re not doing the same exercises week in week out. If you’re not doing a structured exercise class like mine, then don’t worry. There could be ways for you to change and mix things up on your daily buggy walks. Do you always take the same route, for example? Are there any hills that you could walk up and down instead, that so far, you’ve been avoiding? Could you do the route to the shops and back in the opposite direction? If you’re serious about seeing some changes in your body shape and fitness level, doing slow, continuous-paced exercise eg a slow 30 minute walk, is not going to provide your heart and lungs with that much of a challenge. So, why not walk slowly for 1 minute, and pick up the pace for 2 minutes, so you’ve got an active work and an active rest phase. This is called “interval training” and it’s much more effective at burning fat and increasing your fitness level, than plodding along at the same speed for 30 minutes.
And just as it was given me
I'm okay with characters who have knowledge I don't have. Particle physicists are allowed to be particle physicists. But I do expect their mental resources to coexist with a predictable level of general common sense, and for those mental resources to be affected by the physical stresses of their surroundings. If a woman who has studied for years in a magic school suddenly makes a stupid beginner mistake with her magic, I would really like to know why. Does she have a knife in her leg? That could be a good reason. Has she been startled? That's possible. If she's sitting in a place of calm, though, and I can't see any reason for the mistake, I'm going to be skeptical.
He said the media had given a different impression about the MLAs to the people. “Is that what all MLAs do? If someone, knowingly or unknowingly does it, it’s fine to write about it for a day or two,’’ he said. He advised the media to use some restraint. “The speaker has constituted a committee to probe the incident. Even after this, the media seeks my reaction on the issue daily,’’ he fumed.
We had to be out of our house in Akron. That week there was a lot of rain which delayed things on the other end. Not only did our new house need to be moved, the hope was to get the house moved and up so the electric company would finish the lines and connect us. The rain made the house site too muddy to work with on the scheduled day. It did finally dry out enough to get the house there, but not at all on the original time line.
We have to move.
FAE, #2 in the Elemental Trilogy, is now up on Goodreads!
Merry Christmas, ya’ll!
With his deceptions I cannot agree.
There are four new charts in my stash thanks to the sale and two very kind RAK's (One chart and one gift certificate..... thanks Rachael and Liz!) and I got these......
Many years ago, when Maus hosted various tatting round robins, one that I participated in was a Christmas Round Robin. I tatted this rocking horse for one of the participants and always thought I'd make one for myself. Well, yesterday was that day!
and the damp breath of those still alive
It's time once again for this week's version of Weird Wednesday. This week's edition came up in a recent conversation over at Dreams and Reality when Juniper and I were comparing screws. Oh, get your mind out of the gutter! I'm talking about the not so little metal twisty things that are sometimes used to repair broken bones. She got her's as a result of a car accident. I got mine in the line of duty when I was a volunteer firefighter.
Or American fellows
A few days ago, Mrs. Random and I went into town on a few errands. In particular we needed to get a new land line telephone. Out ancient telephone was putting out a lot of static. The last time Random Daughter called she expressed a lot of concern about the static. I hope she realized that the static is coming from the phone and not from her dad.
And .... bitchy.
Google Art Project uses ‘Street View’ technology, but the street ends where the museum begins. Step over the threshold from Millbank into Tate Britain and you leave the world of pedestrians and traffic behind, entering an eerie and deserted gallery space devoid of fellow visitors or even staff, where crude arrows take you from silent room to silent room. You are invited to respond by conducting a series of imaginary art heists to assemble your own fantasy art collection.
* Most importantly if selected you can start creating for us straight away.
The one you've heard about where the terrorists female lawyer demanded that all females be ...bagged.
Ave Maria!
Most of the women obey the voice of the heart, and their behavior in the whole depends on the men, whom they love.
Which is why I am so excited that this weekend, the Hubs and I are off on our annual ski trip to Keystone, Colorado. This trip is one of my favorite annual traditions- family, food, skiing, a little spa time... what could be better?
10/7 – The Oasis – Charleston, SC
6. "Nothing I Can Do" – 2:30
orange zest
I live in Manhattan. It has its ups and downs, but overall it's petty cool. There's new construction going up everywhere but those tend to be luxury, state-of-the-art, high-falutin places. IOW: Very expensive. So the place I live was built roughly 50 years ago and as with any aging infrastructure it needs upkeep. About two months ago they started repointing the brick facade of my building which normally means replacing the outtermost inch or so of mortar with new mortar to keep water out. Unfortunately the corner and floor where I live happens to have such severe damage that they're replacing entire swaths (we're talking 50sq ft areas at a time) of brick but the good news is that they're putting a waterproof lining behind the new brick.
They jumped on a band wagon of a story and added their views and wild insinuations and increased the tensions themselves. The tensions were not directed at the man himself. The local group that were the brunt of the wild accusations always knew and immediately declared the whole story was fabricated, and were later to be proved correct.
The Taliban movement has a strong internal impetus and dynamic. Numerous studies have shown that there are endogenous drivers of the insurgency, and this is confirmed by the interviews. Taliban and Haqqani fighters are motivated by a range of factors, many of which relate to government predation, corruption or injustice, and the perceived aggression of foreign military forces. Thus, despite the claims of many interviewees, the ISI (and elements of the Pakistani military) may not actually control the Afghan insurgency, which implies power over all major dimensions of the movement and its campaign, and the ability to bring it to an end.
My initial version of the “30 Watch List” did contain one such duo, with Tyson Gay and Wallace Spearmon both appearing as potential medalists in the 200 meters. But traditionally it’s the 100 meters – the glamour sprint – that has gotten the most notice, and where we’ve had great depth. We still have the depth when compared to the rest of the world. Of the 27 athletes that ran faster than 10.05 last year, 12 of them were American. For those keeping track with the sprint battle against Jamaica, 7 were Jamaican. So we are still winning the war of depth. But depth doesn’t win medals, as only 3 athletes gain entry into the World Championships and Olympics – 4 can go to Worlds if one is defending champion. In the battle that matters – the fight for championship medals – it’s about what you have on the top end. And it’s there that we’ve been lacking in the 1, 2 punch area!
Steel City is back on top this season after fixing the one big problem they had. Ben Roethlisberger’s sore ass from being sacked millions of times. They got two great offensive line prospects early in the draft and will be much improved all around.
The man's hardhat, neon vest under his arm and the union logo "Laborers" on the back of the jacket clearly indicate that he's working on the AY project. I'm not 100% certain, but I'd say it's a very good bet. This location, by the way, is just across the street from the site planned for interim surface parking--a reason to heed this caution from AY Watch:
The agents have already begun to take steps to check this new lead, “as we do with all the more or less reliable information that arrives on Madeleine”, says one source from the Judiciary. The UDEV has a file of pending matters in a 'dossier' with all the data that is available to them about the case of the child.
Through the comparison, could these two events be in any way related to each other? Of course, it is not possible considering the fact that the Titan was a fiction written 14 years before the actual sinking. No lucid mind would be able to comprehend how one could accurately document Titanic’s destiny even before the tragedy stuck. What did Morgan Robertson offered to us? Just a novel or an early premonition of a disaster he himself could have not known was bound to happen. Morgan was 51 when Titanic hit rock bottom and died 3 years later and 14 years before Titanic was even assembled, he has framed a forewarning of a true-life incident in his book.
My grandfather unexpectedly died the week before my wedding. He and Jesse had developed a very close, unique relationship and he had been wanting us to tie the knot for several years. He was so excited about our destination wedding. The chapel Jesse and I were married in sits on the water and as we left the ceremony, we came outside to find a beautiful rainbow stretching over the river. I knew exactly who had something to do with that rainbow! =)
I can remember the void left “where love goes” far more easily than my first memory or experience of love. The fact remains, as a child, despite my best efforts to turn off the plain, obvious, total envelopment of love my life was, I passed it by or tuned it out like an Autistic Vulcan.
Don't resend if you don't see it posted.
The gift that Phil ended up choosing was a bench for
You are starting to have more conscious inner conversations with your Higher Self as you go about your Earthly duties and much guidance comes through to you.
You'll need:
But, is it really true?
This year brought us a nice combination of challenges and changes, mostly welcome.
Not a bad start at all! :-)
I got this chance because my cousin is working on a big project with them, and he took me to take some photos, I shot more than 400 times and the subjects were different, animals, the life in the coffee area, portraits, coffee fields, how the everyday life for these people is like and so on.
And since your house is far, and lust is near
i) your CV
At a running time of 142 minutes, the screenplay offers you so much that you don’t even realize that you have sat for so long.
My favourite fashion blog! This is where I learn about what is trending, who looked best at the awards, and what not to wear! Natalie has infinite wisdom into the fashion world and takes time and care over her choice of pictures, often making her own unique and beautiful photo collages for the blog.
Although most frequently associated with disease, our microbial hitchhikers help us much more than they harm us. How? By controlling many of the biological processes that are essential to our survival, including the maintenance of our skin and the digestion of our food. Each person’s digestive track alone harbors about three pounds of bacteria.
Nowadays, people shack up all the time. They are in no way distinguishable from a married couple, except by their lack of a license. (I would say they lack the lifetime commitment, but so do the married people, too, much of the time.) I say, why can't they have a lifetime commitment without the license while they're at it? Why can't they go by their local church, synagogue, or hippie guru and proclaim their lifetime commitment? Why in the world is it against the law for them to do this? Maybe they don't want the state to bother with them. What about that scenario is so terrible?
“I don’t have a specific goal, but as I’m free in music and I myself am music and dance -I wish to be that kind of person. And I wish I could be a being who gives hope to people.”
To date we have a film crew lined up (still looking for an editing team), a Lakota Drummer, a Wrangler (to round you up) , a Youtube site on reserve, and the enthusiasm of many!
I am a people person. But who wouldn't be, with a "people" like this in the family?
Keep this in mind: everyone is welcome to attend at any time. Astrology is a complex study. We touched on a lot last night, and will go over all of it again. Each week, we’ll spend time focused on a particular aspect and yet still be taking in the big picture.
Everybody ask’s that same question each time England get knocked out,why do we play so badly,why cant we play with freedom,why do the players look unhappy and uncomfortable,Harry was also the players choice, because they know what kind of atmosphere he creates around training camps,before the terrible games in South Africa in 2010,Harry did some build up work for ITV,before the match started he performed a fake team talk to the England team,it was so motivating that I think I could have played well by the time his speech ended,instead they had a charmless pizza chomping manager communicating via sign language,Roy is an improvement on Fabio,but not by a huge margin.
Zooey Deschanel will also star. The plot involves a mattress salesman and a young woman he meets at his store. One of the crew told McBrooklyn, "The guy gets involved in a lot of strange things."
Check back here on Life Full Circle leading up to the show Wednesday night as this story develops. We are working to secure an attorney and members of the law enforcement community as our guests. Stay Tuned.
The salad mix was distributed to 13 states with the potential for redistribution by customers to additional states.
--Racer
Painted Cryx battlegroup
And when God says her time is through,
If he or she makes a grammatical error, for example, or leaves something out, you can focus on using the words properly yourself, but do not stop and make a lesson out of what your child just said.
We also worked on saying it while marching, while hopping on one foot, while clapping, while spinning around and around, etc. That was especially helpful as we worked on learning the reference (which isn't required until their second year). Here he is saying it on his bed.
I think I feel uncomfortable with writing a post that’s only about my hair. So until I can get over that particular problem, I’ll be content with this dual format.
On Saturday afternoon we visited this place, which was quite fun, and put me in a mind of an analogy--if Schlitterbahn was a golf course, WaterWorks would be its putt-putt course. Similarly designed, much smaller. Also, less than 5 minutes from Pod's parent's house. The kids loved it, and even I was talked into riding the giant water slide. Once.
It also placed Silver Bird on “Rating Watch”, with a negative outlook, it said.
Put them on the east coast cattle truck to be boiled down to tallow.
Take me, take me, it could have said.
I have great kids. They are good at so many things. I am so blessed.
and I never could read you.
The authors of the study found that abnormal scores for the questionnaire were less common in children breastfed for at least four months (6%) than in formula-fed children (16%). Abnormal scores were also less common in term infants (12%) than preterm infants (15%). The authors of the study suggest that one explanation for the association of breast feeding with child behavior is that breast milk contains large amounts of essential long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs), growth factors and hormones, which have an important role in the development and function of the brain and central nervous system.
* There may or may not have been multiple takes, and this may or may not have been the best one.
Godfathers When I am going down UK
Electric down my neck
Its not necessarily that I’m becoming restless or anything like that, but after hearing one of the graduate architects talk to a high school student, looking toward his “next step,” architecture school, I found myself reflecting upon my own situation. I have a long way to go in terms of my architecture education and a lot of “next steps” ahead of me.
I promise next week I will have more time and I will be able to post my favorites.
I may actually have some spare time tomorrow, (Yipee!) But I'm not sure yet. (Ah, the suspense!)
Someone's been a very bad zombie.
My blog is not a reflection on my day to day life, it is purely a crafty, creative space. Sometimes I might mention something or other about what's happening in my life or write a post with photo's of a nice place we've been but not that much. I don't want my blog to be a diary as such, I want it to be place where I am inspired and where I inspire others I hope! Of course most of the things I make are for my children but that doesn't make me this amazing mother! I'm just someone who really loves to make stuff and gets so much pleasure from the process of making- right from getting the idea, gathering the supplies, working out how to make it, and then seeing the joy on my kids faces when they get it/play with it. Being creative and sharing ideas is such a part of me and I get so much pleasure from it.
Loudly yours,
Jesus’ maxim of rendering unto Caesar that which is Caesar’s and unto God that which is God’s is advice that is timeless and should be adhered to at all times. Unfortunately, many in religious circles seemed to have forgotten this critical piece of advice and the damage to society has been incalculable.
105) I'm doing my own little "Project 365" this year, and I want to see that through to the end. I guess I should say "Project 366", right? Anyhow. I want to take a shot a day, with my real camera. I'm not above popping an iPhone photo in there now and again, but I want to limit that sort of thing to the extent possible.
Asian markets surged during the quarter, led by the stellar performance of Japan’s Nikkei 225 Index. The 19.26% three month-return for the Nikkei was its strongest quarterly performance since 1988. However, a falling yen in relation to the Canadian dollar reduced returns in Canadian terms to 8.6%. Japanese stocks rose as economies of the country’s trading partners improved, the country’s central bank eased monetary policy and investors bought shares they perceived as undervalued.
To replace the caffeine I have set about consuming the world’s supply of lemon and ginger and peppermint tea. But it’s just not the same. This mug of hot yellow stuff is not the place for my chocolate digestive. You can see the crumbs collecting at the bottom, unshielded as they would be by the milky, opaque liquid, it’s incredibly off-putting.
My sister is the proud owner of Winnie, another one of Barby's adorable mice. Barby's critters always bring giggles and "oohs" by all who see them ... I swear they just look like they can talk!
She's The One 7:09
July.
....and then they strolled into the water as I turned the corner. Oh dear.... Deb said keep them enclosed for 2 weeks and its only been 2 days!
Well, on this end of things, it's been a crazy few weeks! First, the day after I posted my last SAW, my laptop went haywire, resulting in me getting the motherboard replaced. Then, the same day it was fixed, both the audio and the Internet went bye-bye.(note: the laptop crashed 2 more times after this sentence was typed...both crashes took 3-4 days to resolve) But thanks to the awesome folks at Dell(it's an Alienware), I'm back in action! So, let's curl up together and watch a pretty good one this week, Candyman...and yes, there will be SPOILERS aplenty...
The scary wee bollocks' have had a few go's at the big screen. I watched the most recent one last night...'Dead Silence' by James Wan the same fella who introduced us to the dubious pleasures of the Saw franchise! Wan uses those potent plot devices, the ventriloquist’s dummy(AAAARGH!) and an old nursery rhyme to piece together a gruesome tale of supernatural revenge. Unfortunately the cast are so supernaturally shit that it’s impossible to care about any of them. The dialogue is dire and cliched.."If you go looking for answers you just might find them!"(???)...."I'm not the same person you knew,a stroke will do that to a man"...No shit!!!
Finish off. Flatten edge and sew on to bottom part of body, evenly spaced
This year my resolutions are:
Do you collect students' journals or notebooks or portfolios? One thing I wrestle with in my own classroom is how to assess or give feedback on the work students create in their academic journals. My students have kept writing journals, academic journals or reading journals--see the directions inset below. I've graded journals, not graded journals, written in them or not written in them. How I've used journals or notebooks in my classroom changes over time.
Flowers--I pluck a few each week and put in a bud vase on my desk
Blocking access to the serving counter is one of most obnoxious and selfish behaviours encountered in the pub
3-4 eggs
Here's a pic from the start.
Sean Combs, formerly known as Puff Daddy, also known as P Diddy, King Combs and Puffy, was known in Tweetland as “Swag” for a week. (I am merely reporting information, not mocking. The man knows how to design a suit !)
As most of my regular readers will know I’m very poorly read when it comes to poetry. Lots of reasons for this but even more excuses. Anyway a few times my friend Dave King has mentioned his fondness for the poetry of Seamus Heaney amongst others and so I thought I would give him a try. And, as I could only name one poem by him (even though I’d never read it), I thought I would start there. The only other thing about him I’d actually read was an essay talking about his Bog Poems when I was researching Milligan and Murphy:
Sadly, THE EAGLE was to be the second-to-last film for Valentino before his untimely death. It’s particularly ashame since both this film and his next, THE SON OF THE SHEIK, rank among the very best he ever made, and it would have been interesting to see what vehicles Valentino would have starred in during those final glory days of the silent era.
Lee Adler, 48, Springfield, N.J.
So runs my dream: but what am I?
Labor Signs: I don't think so. Just some cramps here and there...but I don't know what that feels like yet.
How awful morning sickness really is. That feeling of being nauseous every second and how nothing seems to help can be brutal. Brushing my teeth throughout my pregnancy is even an ordeal since it makes me want to gag.
Marinade 1:
remember to watch the video by the stuyvesant high school class (asking him to attend their graduation ceremony) first, so you can see the awesome way he spoofs it…. kkk
Paul is now teaching the church about what a Godly marriage should look like and how spouses should treat one another. He begins by explaining to the wives that they should submit to there husbands and subject themselves to there husbands. Then, addresses the husbands with a great responsibility. Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ also loved the church and gave Himself for her, (Ephesians 5:25 NKJV) As a husband you are charged to love your wife as Christ loved the church. What’s crazy most of us believe that we do but miss the mark immensely.
It really didn’t start out that way. In fifth grade, I actually stood at the head of my class and proclaimed that I was going to be the first person on Mars. Seriously. I wanted to be like a hybrid Kes/Dr Crusher on a modern-day Voyager-class Starfleet vessel. (You’re seeing the total introvert geek going on now, right?)
Lunch at the pub was great. We took a leisurely approach and started with a couple of Beer Royales, a sessionable Belgian style beer brewed with hibiscus flowers, and a fruit and cheese plate. We sampled through most of the specialty beers and settled on a burger and a French Dip for lunch. They had on a Schwarzbier, an IPA, and a Belgian Wit. As usual the food and beer were fantastic, but the hospitality was above and beyond. I owe those guys some beer the next time I see them!
This morning some 30 Perkasa members held a protest and conducted funeral rites for Lim outside his residence before holding another noisy gathering in Komtar.
Bond and the Royal Court in 1967 produced a new play, the surreal Early Morning which portrayed Queen Victoria in a lesbian relationship with Florence Nightingale, the royal Princes as Siamese Twins, Disraeli and Prince Albert plotting a coup and the whole dramatis personae damned to a cannibalistic Heaven after falling off Beachy Head. The Royal Court produced the play despite the imposition of a total ban and within a year the law was finally repealed. In 1969, the Royal Court it put on and toured the three plays in Europe. They had international success with more than thirty different productions around the world between 1966 and 1969.
The mother-tongue programme will instruct in students’ household languages in their first years at school, after which Tetum and Portuguese will be gradually included. A pilot programme is scheduled to be introduced in twelve primary schools across the country in April.
In the first week of May, everything finishes up, it’s like it ended. It’s as if you gone up the mountain, down the mountain, up the mountain, down the mountain and now, there’s no more mountain at all. You’ve reached a valley that doesn’t seem to have any ending at all.
cannot make
Here’s a great shot of Titan and Saturn acquired by Cassini on May 6, 2012 just after a pass by the haze-covered moon. It’s a color-composite made from images taken in Cassini’s red, green and blue color channels, and the resulting image was color adjusted a bit to appear more “Saturny”.
If you hurry you can take advantage of the 40.5% off sale that ends tonight
Two weeks ago Brian, Autumn, Elisabeth and Abigail lived next door to us for 5 weeks (1/4 mile away is next door in the country). It was so much fun to just run down to visit. To have Elisabeth spend the day playing and laughing and singing and reading and blowing bubbles... and... and... she is a very active girl and brought so much joy into my life. It was fun having both boys and their families over to eat together, to go to church together and to pray together. We had a very blessed and fun5 weeks of daily interaction - then they had to return to Ft Worth and start packing for Oregon. So happy to have them here but so sad to see them leave ...happy/sad
Again with the support of Islamic countries, the US invaded Afghanistan and Iraq.
Their extreme and often irrational views aside, the worst trait of some of these people is their stubborn refusal to change their views regardless of any evidence presented to them. I suppose they fancy themselves lone crusaders against callous, corrupt governments and evil, profiteering corporations. The pattern in the concerns they voice is constant – it’s always the conniving western powers (particularly the U.S. government) and the unscrupulous multinational corporations that are colluding to ravage the planet and make money.
Another outdoor activity I am taking part in is a kettlebell class and as promised note the photo above. Unfortunately, the kettlebell sessions only come in groups of four so they will be done soon, but it is another excuse for me to play outside. I mean who wouldn’t think swinging around ridiculously heavy medieval looking objects would be a good time, and then couple it with being outdoors and you basically have a party!
2. What is one of your earliest memories? I don't know if it's from a memory or from seeing pictures of myself when I was younger. But I would have to say the earliest my memory takes me is about elementary school age. I see photos from before that I don't really remember, like the first house I lived in that we moved from when I was three. I remember how I felt when my younger sister was born, and I remember a crush I had when I was in grade school. When we were at the graduation dance for 5th grade all our classmates kept pushing us together so we would dance! LOL!
These people are focused! They understand that the only way to change the government is to change who gets to serve in it. They demonstrated that in November 2010 when the movement returned power in the House of Representatives to the Republican Party. “We’ve seen that the greatest threat to our economic success today comes not from abroad, but from our elected officials. And it is through changing the behavior of those elected officials—and making sure that those whose behavior doesn’t change don’t stay in their jobs—that the Tea Party movement plans to exercise its influence.”
So the first project is one I've been wanting to try for a while, but haven't had the guts to. My mom bought me a china plate from the thrift store a few months ago, specifically for this project. But it just goes against the grain to BREAK something like a china plate. So it's taken me until now to work it up to take a hammer to it.
-Jim Tiroch
So, W.S.J.D.? He says he's working on new technique. Trying to prepare himself to compete toe to toe with the sports new speed crew. His belief is that at 28 he is still young enough to come back from four years of non competition to run not only 9.77 as before, but to get into the 9.5/9.6 range necessary to compete with the world's current cream of the crop.
Goodbye to boring calculations,
since fate zero is still airing, i’ll just summarize the anime.
One side note: this is something where you start with basically nothing; just maybe an outline, or character ideas, notes, whatever – but the point is that you start something fresh, not something half-written already. You write said novel in that month. Since I’ve only ever written a very basic outline, and one snippet of dialogue between two characters for my Dystopian novel, “The Wilds People”, I want to use this as my platform to get on with it already.
We often find ourselves comparing the girls ..... and although there are some obvious differences.....they really do look quite alike we think.....theres no question really...... they obviously come from the same batch.
Note "Lifespan" is how long we used the item, not how long it lasted in terms of quality.
For doing the quest once: +500 MaxHP and +100 Weapon/Magic DEF
This kept me off the mat for a class or two. My doctor didn’t find anything on the x-rays and put me on crutches. Meanwhile, I sat on the sidelines during class itching to be back on the mat. I couldn’t take it and started thinking of ways to practice. There are techniques in seated positions that we learned. If we could do some, why couldn’t I do all of the techniques we learned in seated positions? I had to adapt to a physical limitation. I got back on the mat and fellow aikidoka willing to work with my own limitations happily partnered with me and our sensei helped me make adjustments as needed.
creative outlet.
The poor camels are an element of strangeness brought by the expedition to Australia from India at enormous expense. Moorehead writes that “by the end of the century there were 6,000 of them” in Australia, but they were rare by the time of his visit in the 1960s (Ch. 15, 203).
Here are my own instructions to creating a heart chain.
On my quest for social media knowledge and learning I continue to attend lots of social media events, most recently SMWF Europe. After attending many sessions it sprung to mind that although there is still a lot of buzz around social media, most businesses are not truly utilising this channel. I hope that the following piece on social business may resonate with you to take action within your organisation and start your own social business journey.
Paper Mate`s mission was simple: to develop an ink system that would provide effortless writing. They wanted a pen that started quickly without dragging, required minimal pressure from the hand, and delivered crisp clean lines every time. But most of all, they wanted to bring back the joy of writing, so it felt right to call it InkJoy.
Memory cards form the basis of all digital devices that need some sort of resident storage memory on board. For instance, new age digital cameras and mobile phones replace the photo film with cards to store images. You can delete the unwanted images and save the desired ones on to a computer and then write them on a CD. A memory card, in theory can be reused for an infinite number of times. These cards are based on flash memory technology and the best part about using flash memory sticks is that they not only reduce the size of the circuitry enormously, but they are also relatively stronger than contemporary storage devices.
Some children are labeled as ‘sensitive’ as if its some kind of flaw that a frightening adult themed piece of ‘entertainment’ gave them nightmares or caused them to wet the bed. It’s somehow braver and worthy of merit that a child can stomach violence, killing, brutality and cruelty without being affected.
Blackbird's Anniversaries of the Heart. It's quickly becoming a favorite! I ended up tea dying the fabric because it was too white and not very antique-y looking. I haven't put any special people in yet. I'm still collecting names and dates. I have a little book I keep with the charts and I add thoughts as I have them. Last night I was looking through some stitchy magazines for small symbols representing members of my family. I found a wonderful little photo of a karate kid which will be perfect for my grandson! This piece is so much fun to stitch.
I’d be lying if I said I didn’t love the book. I adored it. There is something in its pages that touches the heart of every woman and I too paid homage to her memoir with a trip to meet Ketut Liyer, the medicine man and palm reader. I was strangely nervous before meeting him, just in case he said something life altering as he did to Liz. Something I wasn’t prepared to hear, but Keutut told me everything that sounded pleasing to my ears. “You a pretty woman. You marry just once and live happily ever after with your three children. You be very rich and have good health. You live till 101, you very very lucky.” After knowing that Gilbert’s predictions turned out to be true, I was elated. After Google told me that he’s been saying the same thing to every other woman who walks into his doors ever since, I was amused. My own impression was that Ketut was a very sweet man; probably having a hard time with all the women, who were now thronging into his home, waiting to be told their great destinies as he did Gilbert’s.
Floods like the one earlier this month – they just don’t happen here. Not at all in Nashville since the 1970s – and bad though it was, that was really nothing compared to this one.
Currently, the Outlook Group publishes several magazines like Outlook Business, Outlook Profit, Outlook Money, GEO, Marie Claire, People, Outlook Traveller, Career 360 and News Weekly. The Outlook Group also publishes the Hindi Outlook Saptahik. Launched by Hathway Investments Private Limited, the Outlook Group is owned by the Rajan Raheja Group.
The winner of Nature's Beauty from all comments left on yesterday's post is:
How do you grab control when a complete shut down of the system is whats on the plate? This is the question that plagues me as I write this sentence. Once upon a time there was a fat guy that had no clue what he weighed, he was unsure about his future because of the 534 pounds that hung from his bones like an over stuffed scarecrow and fear motivated him to do something about it. Two hundred twenty nine pounds later he was a bad ass weight loss success story and was in mind and body a changed person, nothing could stop him as he pushed mountains aside to gain access to his goals and that fella was me.
At Meon Dental Practice in Petersfield, we offer Dental Implants which provide a completely safe and secure way of replacing any number of missing teeth.
Instead, and bizarrely, they were given a tambourine to shake. A pair of maracas was also supplied as back up!
Varðeldur (6:08)
“What do you mean? Are you telling me you don’t remember today?”
‘At some point he lost it,’ Thompson said. ‘He completely lost it.’
So, I bid farewell to 2010. You were a great year and I will think back on you fondly as the year we became a family of four.
When Pineda-Moreno was arrested and charged, one piece of evidence was the GPS data, including the longitude and latitude of where the Jeep was driven, and how long it stayed. Prosecutors asserted the Jeep had been driven several times to remote rural locations where agents discovered marijuana being grown, court documents show.
Which Angus loves.
I am so impressed. I seriously wish I could write (know what I want to write, that is) as quickly as I can type. I think you’re my hero! You’re here to promote STRANGE PACKAGING. Can you introduce our readers to the story?
It was the sort of weekend I cherish and the kind I’m grateful to have here in Hungary. Full of moments you wish you could bottle up or keep in a jar, tucked away on a shelf until you need to revisit them. The closer I get to leaving Hungary, the more this apartment feels like a home, and not just a house. As much as I am eager to get home, when the day finally comes, I will be quite sad to leave it.
I'm going to pick Lukas over Lutz and Chelsey over Goethels for Footlocker. At NXN, the Rosa's over Lutz and Sarah Andrews.
Get those mustaches, knickers, and monocles ready! If there are new folks joining which there are, here are some photos of other city Tweed Rides to show you how folks are dressing:
The forces of Common Purpose achieve their goals by deception, and this yet another set of regulations which were drafted to achieve more than they appear to. The target again is primarily young white males, because they are the group our enemies resent most, but do not be fooled, we are all in their sights. The programme continues and will do so unless or until the people of Britain wake up and realise what is being done to them.
Towards the end I’ll be taking some of the more general points I have been making and illustrating how they inform relationships with customers, using some of these businesses as examples.
Derek Luyt, an analyst with the Public Service Accountability Monitor, also said the money could be better spent elsewhere.
So when you are having a bad day
If the answer were “yes” to those questions, then President Obama would be running for re-election based on his achievements…and rightly so. But because he has failed, he will run a campaign of diversions, distractions, and distortions. That kind of campaign may have worked at another place and in a different time. But not here and not now. It’s still about the economy …and we’re not stupid.
1 mills
Cindy graciously allowed me to throw my buttons in the pot; and I am very pleased to be paired with Kym Hunter as my partner. After cruising through her blog and Flickr photostream, it seems our tastes are similar. Kym is a nature lover, and so am I. She loves Southwestern colors and so do I. She is a jewelry designer, and so am I! Yay! I am so excited! As soon as Cindy emailed me with my partner's name Saturday morning, I got to it, creating 60+ buttons and clasp components.
A co-worker who has taken up running alerted me to a new 5K Race where you get chased by zombies called Run For Your Lives. Looks fun. Check out the video.
No doubt our "leaders" will only be happy when their daughters and granddaughters are in burkhas and married off at 6 years old. But then the ruling classes are the main purveyors of paedophilia, pornography, relativism, where truth is lies and lies are portrayed as truth, good is equal to bad, black is white and terror is peace.
I have never been in a fight in my life, but I have come close. For most of us, the prospect is slim unless we live in places where fights are common. For those people, I recommend How to Win a Fight: A Guide to Surviving Violence by Lawrence Kane and Kris Wilder ($17.00, Gotham Books, softcover) both of whom are veteran martial arts instructors. The lessons the book offers begin with knowing how to avoid violence. In the military, it’s called situational awareness, spotting trouble. Other lessons include how to stave off violence ranging from non-lethal to lethal force. There are self-defense tips and seven mistakes to avoid in a fight. I would recommend this book to everyone for its advice and the peace of mind that comes with it.
So let's sum this up: The Sing-Off is just like Glee, only without:
Emily held her brother’s hand, staring at Bob and not answering him. She was still wearing her clothes from last night, her long ponytails messed up from sleeping. Reese’s hair was messed up too, Reese wearing a blanket he had brought from upstairs around his shoulders like a cape.
Craig T. Nelson – Steve Freeling
Girl marinates lamb heart in lemon, ginger, soy sauce and black pepper, then stir-fries it in a wok with capsicum and spring onion.
I also finally unpacked the last of the boxes in my new creative space and alas found my foam stamps, so resurrected one of my fave alphas for this card as well. And some much neglected ribbon made it onto this card as well, I just darkened the shade of red with my trusty E31 Copic to keep the tone right... then a new Maya Road charm to finish.
long long kiss on his bloody-lipped swollen mouth,
Let me know what your view is! Should mums be allowed to terminate newborns?
As a Commissioner on the Board of Commissioners of Public Lands, I, along with Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen and Secretary of State Doug LaFollette, get to help Wisconsin communities by providing loans via the State Trust Fund Loan Program.
usually because I know that no matter where I go, there's a Walmart near & I can run & pick something up... from shampoo, to make up, to flip flops...
Obviously I did my flash cards I got from school and my readers but besides that I kind’ve just played outside most of the time..
The night before my team and I left I spent the afternoon with Boy, and waited for his mother Margaret outside the tailoring classroom. When class had finished and she came out I handed her the umbrella and the bag of things I wanted to leave with them. A big smile road across her face as she looked at the things, and Boy’s face exploded with teeth when I began to put the watch around his little wrist. “Boy, this watch has been to China, America, Holland, England, South Sudan and now... Now it is going to your house,” they both laughed and more big smiles escaped their lips. Margaret looked me right in the eyes and said, “Ahhh, Erica. Boy’s father died two years ago. Today you are his father. God has heard my prayers. Today you are my father and my mother. You take care of us. Thank you, thank you.” Those things didn’t seem
Sorry this post is short, but like i said in my previous post everything will be back to normal once they are leaving...and by the starting of September i should be back to my regular posting rates...
The same women who burned their bras in public as a sign of liberation are now those who dare not speak out against violence to women as brutal as the wearing of veils and female circumcision. This has certainly nothing to do with “liberation” The shameful attitude of those feminists clearly shows their moral standing.
Yup, I'll put a Biere de Garde over a pale lager. My beer experience tells me that Paris and probably France is definetly WINE country. The wine was everywhere for pretty cheap (as long as Dubya wasn't upping the exchange rate). I just find it hard to believe that a country with Belgium and Germany one side, and England on the other, just does not have decent widely distributed beer of their own. One would think some level of Nationalism would kick in, forcing someone to make some really good stuff. The biggest problem I had was the lack of hops in the beer. I can handle the sourness, but I need some hops in there somewhere. As soon as I got back to the States, we grabbed up some Pale Ale just to get that old feeling back. Great vacation, just not the beer.
“Of course I know how to do this! It’s a piece of cake!”
*Complexion Brush
I'll admit it. It is the Goyer name alone that caught my eye here. Goyer is the screenwriter of Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, and the Blade Trilogy. So yeah he has some decent cred to go by. He's had some stinkers as well. Jumper anyone? I might lose interest in this one if I hear sour things as I did with Tim Kring' Shift last year, but time will tell. Goyer does have a good sense of the dramatic and action.
Novartis AG 18
What about life makes you feel like hiding? Is it consistent pressure, unrelenting demand? Is it fear?
People You Should Not Always Get Along With
I remember that the weight loss program I did before when I lost 100lbs had this rule (or at least I think that is the weight loss program I got that nugget from… there have been so many they all run together…) My intention for weighing myself monthly is prevent the emotional roller coasters I would experience (and have been) if I weighed weekly and daily. Hopefully this too will encourage me to rely more on how I feel and look to gauge the success of The Program rather than on a number. I will weigh myself on the first of every month.
2 propose
Brandi! I NEED to see an entire concert of yours. When will this happen–I am going crazy.
Colours of belts vary slightly between Karate Schools but generally speaking the colours get darker and darker, the darker the belt is, the higher rank the student has achieved. Years ago, instructors are reported to have not washed their belts, the longer the training, the dirtier the belt. Some martial artists still maintain belts should not be washed as the belt is significantly spiritual and it contains the ‘heart and soul’. (This is, needless to say a very personal preference.)
"Traffic on “curbside operators,” which offer pickup at various locations aside from transit hubs, grew a whopping 32.1 percent in 2011"
These workshops can feel very long, or very short. You're sacrificing your day, risking it on a completely unpredictable factor. If the two of you don't click, the lessons are going to be more about you bashing heads than about learning something new. If you're lucky enough to have a regular partner for classes, then this experience won't have bothered you often. I'm lucky enough. But occasionally, through illness or unavailability, you're thrown in with someone else for a change.
Sources say that her PR machinery is allegedly working overtime on these remuneration stories to give the impression that she has scored over Kareena.
I hope more "unhoarding" days are in our future!
I now adore the Rev. Gomes. But he passed away last year. Nonetheless, students restarted the tradition last fall, and this story is full of students and faculty commenting on the revelatory aspects of these simple gatherings — "a real appreciation for the importance of social interaction and the preservation of communities," "hospitality in its purest form" and, indeed, "We don’t have anything like this in our culture."
At various points in the town are memorials of the constant wars between Percys and Scots in which so many Percys spent the greater part of their lives. A cross near Broomhouse Hill across the river from the castle marks the spot where Malcolm III of Scotland was killed in 1093, during the first Battle of Alnwick. At the side of the broad shady road called Rotten Row, leading from the West Lodge to Bailiffgate, a tablet of stone marks the spot where William the Lion of Scotland was captured in 1174, during the second Battle of Alnwick by a party of about four hundred mounted knights, led by Ranulf de Glanvill; and there are many others of similar interest.
we are coming, always coming
My school also had Field Day these past three days! I seriously don't know what I was thinking when I chose black shirts for our class color. This is also the first school that I have been at that the students/classes still compete against other students/classes for points. Not that they win anything other than bragging rights though. I was SO proud of my class....I must admit my expectations were not extremely high for a few reasons. First, I have what I call the Mod Podge class...because I was displaced and came to this school in September I received about 3 to 4 students from other classes...they still don't work as well together as a class that would have formed in August. Secondly my observations during recess have been that my class prefers to play tag or sit...so our athletic abilities have been minimal.
Wash off . Regular use will lightens the skin blemishes and scar.
DAY 20: SOMETHING YOU DREW... This may surprise some, but I drew a lot when I was young.. and had patience. I drew this in my teenage years and it is the only piece I still have. Amazing that it has survived for over 30 years through 3 house moves. Let's call it "Pencil Drawing On Pale Blue Cardboard, Circa 1978" and sell it for millions.
BusinessWeek - ‎8 hours ago‎
*”I can’t believe I have to explain myself to a man who just pulled his pants up for the world.”
In an interview with ABC News’ Robin Roberts, the president described his thought process as an “evolution” that led him to this place, based on conversations with his own staff members, openly gay and lesbian service members, and conversations with his wife and own daughters.
Despite the pain of the past months, I am grateful for the good, bad, and ugly. Because it’s really all just beautiful.
They do leak after several uses. Don’t buy them. Let us know if you find a better solution.
has become and EAD Designs
There are some people who will feel sorry for Tera or Tericka, but a lot of readers are saying, “you make your bed, you lie in it.” Hopefully, this young lady finds some redemption soon. If not, she could always go back to her first love. This story is by far the fastest growing story.
What this also poses though is an etiquette issue. The crumbly casing holds fairly well, but does need to be handled oh-so-carefully.
Reading books to your little brother.
I don’t mean to suggest that this possible groundswell doesn’t favor Democrats, but that's only in places where they don't currently hold office AND there is an incumbent. All bets are off in races where the incumbent isn't running. This feels like the same simmering disappointment that turned into voter anger in both 1976 and 1980. And its roots are not just Iraq or worries about the economy. The general sense is that the country is foundering and people are wanting a clear direction.
Uh, waitaminit....
You will shatter all watery crystal barriers,
Villiers De L’Isle Adams – The Future Eve
turning around, facing you, standing there
President Reagan was genuinely pleased to meet Melissa, and my sweet baby didn’t even squirm or cry. Sitting behind his desk, President Reagan signed Melissa’s baby book! He commented, “I must date this to make it an official document. President Reagan showed Dave and me the photos lining his bookshelves and reminisced about horseback riding alongside Queen Elizabeth. His eyes sparkled whenever he spoke about his wife, Nancy. President Reagan enjoyed speaking with Dave about world events and even invited us to sit down on a sofa for an extended visit. An aide entered the room to remind him of his schedule, but President Reagan remained seated and continued to share his childhood stories about growing up in Illinois. Pleased that both he and Dave had grown up in the Land of Lincoln, President Reagan reminisced about being a lifeguard in Dixon. After this incredible meeting, President Reagan walked us outside his office and gently touched Melissa’s cheek. “Goodbye, my little baby,” the 40th President said with a smile.
by another language
the only rule was for my creation to measure under 12 x 14 inches...
FREE
“All of you have seen, when you turn on your televisions, the devastation in the Gulf,” he said. “I’m sure that they were also assured that it is safe to drill.”
See! Any animal can be a Christmas animal--just throw a Santa hat or scarf on it or give it a candy cane to hole! I hope this helps you want to join our fun! :) Now, onto my cards! :)
¼ cup veggie broth
Q: In CHINA LAKE, you captured the voice of religious extremism in a pitch-perfect way. How did you manage it without getting clichéd or too weird to be believable?
2) When I am in my right mind, I find it highly doubtful that there’s a panacea for those seeking to live a good life. Every person, every life comprised of different situations, every single day is different. What is good for my friend may not be good for me–reading science fiction makes him happy, and reading literary fiction makes me happy. Does that mean that one is objectively more good? Doubtful. Likewise, just because a certain way of eating works (or doesn’t work) with someone else’s life doesn’t mean I should immediately adopt it or dismiss it. If well-being is an activity, then surely part of that activity is simply finding what works for you personally.
Young People (Japan…Shiro Toyoda)
(besides her obvious cuteness)
Strange episode, strange little man.
It would probably work with a single pants hanger too!
“Gracie, we’re going to the park. You’re going to like it.”
Is it only me or has anyone noticed that this MV is a kinda have gay issue. I was so curious then I search the lyric translation, and then YES IT IS, it is gay.
So tomorrow, before I go to work, I will go and vote, who for I still do not know, and to be honest it’s almost going to be close my eyes and stab! It won’t be; I am sure that between now and then something will help sway my decision one way or the other!
And BTW, the main cast (Nagisa, Yuuka, and Orine) are voiced by genuine AKB48 junior idols so it’s bound to happen.
It was a great morning. Landon zoomed around from exhibit to exhibit, excitedly calling out everything he was seeing. At nearly 5 he definitely pushes a few more buttons than he used to, and we've had some actual rebellion in the last two months, but I do just adore his sweetness, especially when we're doing something special. He noted a snow cone truck with the same excitement he noted everything- from real live lions to a common bush with a pretty white flower. I happen to have a weakness for snowcones, so I told him we could get one, and he turned to look at me with eyes aglow and said very seriously, "mommy, this is my most favorite day ever."
LOLUCKYVE
The other day, my friend and co-worker Diane asked what time I was headed to the break room for lunch.
"Everything will now come your way."
I didn't buy any tomatoes or beans or figs, because last week I picked a good kilo of beans and 2kg of tomatoes from my minuscule veggie garden. I can highly recommend these "purple king" beans to any neglectful gardener. All my peas and snowpeas died, but these beans just kept on going. I put in four seedlings on a wire obelisk, added a handful of fertiliser, a dash of snailbait. Helped along by plenty of rain, they are now producing about half to one kilo of beans a week. They're a pretty deep purple, but they turn green when they are cooked.
Today, his deputy said that the prime minister’s apology was an act of humility.
Khader Adnan, as an Islamic Jihad leader, has accountability for his association and leadership in that major terror organization.
Do you usually give something up for Lent? What are you giving up this year?
However, even people who have come here legally disagree with Ludwick’s point of view. “Education is one of those things that should not rely on one’s immigration status. Educated individuals make a better society regardless of where they live,” said Miral Bessed, a UO student who immigrated legally to the U.S. from Pakistan 10 years ago. “I know plenty of people who are born and raised here and have all the benefits, but do not care about obtaining education. If someone has the drive and the commitment to attain knowledge, I believe it’s only fair to facilitate it for them.”
he thinks
FOUR DAYS of being careful not to run anything unnecessary requiring electricity.
About a dozen or so chairs faced each other in a circle that filled most of the room.
Nude pumps, Aldo, thrifted ($6)
it reminded me of many of alexandria's beautiful and thoughtful photographs of nature.
Makes No sense whatsoever, right? Welcome to the world of the writer. I can’t really explain how much of myself I put into my writing, but it’s more than a pound of flesh. Self-insertion is one of the deadly sins of writing, but does that still apply if EVERY SINGLE character in the story is you? Writing is for the bipolar, for those who can’t make up their minds and for those who are never satisfied with “just because” as an answer. Every writer I’ve come across is out of their damn mind and I am head over heels in love with them all—a bunch of head cases roaming the streets among the masses. Why do you think so many writers drink and do drugs? To quiet the voices, to put the demon to sleep.
He (pbuh) informed them of Jihad ‘s advanced and delayed reward that is for them, and how different kinds of evils Allah (swt) repels with it; and what a great honour, power, dignity and high grade is obtained through it and he He (pbuh) has put Jihad at the top in Islam. The Prophet (pbuh) said:
This is one of the most complex beers I've had in awhile. An amazingly malty beer that breaks new ground in brewing with complexity.
Even if the big changes aren’t in your world today, some change to your life or work will affect you in a subtle way.
The first book in the series, Kat, Incorrigible, is out now as paperback in the US and Canada and in the UK (with the title A Most Improper Magick).
If anyone needs me, look here first, I am sure to be found somewhere, lost in the beautiful images, day dreaming, enjoying.
You probably know someone a little like Daisy; you may have your own sister of family or choosing who is as dear to you. She's very brainy, to begin with, and funny, and as open with her heart as a songbird with his morning love song. This is no real stretch for there's a good bit of the songbird in Daisy; it is one of the gifts of our family that most of us have music in us, as we have breathing. She is an empath by nature: that person everyone wants to tell everything to, partly for her lack of judgement, partly for her understanding and unpretentious humor and perhaps most of all, for that feeling of finding yourself and your confidences to be the most important thing in the world to her as she listens to you. But lest I paint a silly picture of some sainted being with wings and halo...well, Daisy is as human as everybody. She has issues with her own natal family, professional challenges and road-forks, she has fallen into and out of love, or thought herself in love only to find she'd married someone she hadn't really chosen for herself. In other words, Daisy is special and marvelous and prosaic and not that different from anyone else.
TOMIS ID: 00435699
Beer school is now in session. Here are a few types of dark beers, and how I describe them. In all fairness, I describe them this way because the Alström Bros explain things so perfectly, and they always nail it.
From this we can see that effective social media monitoring is a key to creating and maintaining your community, whether you create your own branded space, or create a presence on a public social networking site.
A gorgeous Art Deco piece of simply wonderful.
Call tonight before midnight then something is on the MRI that worries me. If you don't get a call- we are in good shape."
Dave Stewart, the executive director of Mr de Klerk's foundation, said he had taken a necessary risk in his speech. "He is an elder statesman and feels he has a duty to uphold the values he and Mr Mandela worked towards," he said.
love tomato sauce & veggies....you will love it. I made it for my lunches & had it
Any words of advice???
Thermals in summer?
I am the Life,
Porter, Highland Brewing Co., North Carolina
Gadget Note: Coming Soon: a guest Blog by the excellent Met officer James Patrick.
Beyond that - well, there hasn't been much beyond work of late. That tends to happen when you work so much. Home has been buried in writing or mindless television and then sleep. That's it.
And then it comes back to my remembrance, what I read in His book right there in Exodus. He took the children of Israel through the wilderness because He loved them and He didn't want them to be frightened when they saw war.
And so far it has been fine. Except that I FORGOT to make the hat!! She started chemo in July, so she probably hasn't really started losing her hair yet... but I wanted her to have it beforehand. So now I'm RACING to get this hat finished and sent to The V-ster before she starts losing her hair. I was thinking about making one for my friend, also... because once her mom starts losing her hair, she's shaving her head. I like my hair too much (and Gzilla would kill me...haha) so instead I'm showing my support by making hats.
“Just do it,” a voice whispers. It’s followed by more voices, of different people. They talk over each other and mingle together, producing one clear cut message – that I’m a waste of a life.
The guide aims to find the best food and dining experiences in Queensland, and awards "Chef's Hats" as part of a rating system to brilliant, very worthy restaurants.
Enjoy the rest of the hop and Thanks for stopping by!
I suppose it has happened. Haiti has slowly become home to me in some important ways.
Obviously, whether you’re addressing someone by their name or just their title (Dr, Mr, etc,) you must capitalise it.
family. friends. cookies.
“Oh. Hey. Hi,” she greeted in an awkward way she thought she had grown out of.
Scott Pilgrim (Michael Cera) begins Wright's film in the throes of fallout from a painful break-up with Envy Adams (Brie Larson), who is now a major pop star; he's carrying on a kind of rebound relationship with 17-year-old schoolgirl Knives Chau (Ellen Wong). At a party, however, he glimpses and then pursues the tantalizingly elusive Ramona Flowers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead)—only to discover that Ramona herself has some baggage from her past in the form of "seven evil exes," all of whom Ramona has moved to Toronto in order to escape, all of whom come back to haunt her and Scott, all of whom Scott is forced to fight in order to have Ramona all for himself.
-o- I prefer soccer to any other sport, and due to my father’s diligent love for the game I have been lucky enough to see 6 live World Cup games between the United States and various rivals at two tournaments – the 2006 tournament in Germany and the 2010 tournament in South Africa. Look for me in Rio in 2014!
What crazy dudes.
740 D-XI/6/1976. “The Constitution of the State of Illinois.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois.
Hope ya'll are warmer than I am.
The quiet achiever in the group
Meporter is one of the better apps to use for local breaking news. You can post videos, photos and stories from news events in your area. You can also track people’s stories from Meporter.
Once the candy has firmed up, line a baking sheet with waxed paper or nonstick aluminum foil. Using a teaspoon or small cookie scoop, scoop small balls of the coconut mixture and flatten them into discs between your palms. Place the discs on the baking sheet, and place sheet in freezer while you prepare the melted chocolate.
the WOW! Vintage wallpaper stamp. I embossed it with WOW! Earthtone Honey
But you hate to see me cry, hate to see me sad
For me, the biggest issue was that I developed the habit of always ordering one of the “value” meals. Who doesn’t like a bargain?
Son Ye Jin is one of my favorite Korean actress having watched and loved her movie “A Moment to Remember”. That movie made me cry a river of tears! I never thought that that movie is capable of breaking my emotion. As Park Gae In, I couldn’t think of any other actress who would be able to pull off this character. Being a veteran and A-list actress that she is, for me, she has proven her versatility that she can actually act naïve and dorky, be funny and at the same time act vulnerable. She made me feel Gae In’s pain and happiness. She made me understand that a woman is capable of changing to become better despite the hurt. That being your TRUE, IMPERFECT, unselfish, dorky self, can make a man like Jin Ho fall for you big time.
Yes. Lately, I’ve started to think I want to get married. But now, 2NE1 is more important to me than marriage.
Well, most often the answer to it all is ‘No. Yes. Sometimes’. Some days I actually do marvel at the beauty of the rain, the flutter of a butterfly’s wings or the smell of summer at the beach, but there is still a great deal of pain, anger and resentment that can easily wash into almost any picture of serenity.
That might be a daunting task for a party embroiled in what Democrats are labeling a “war on women.”
9.Do not think that he is a child with a huge generation gap between the two of you, he idolises “MJ” and also likes to imitate Seo Taiji — “I don’t know anything!”
And it was his sales pitch that got my attention…
We are giving away a free copy of the first book in the series. All you have to do for your chance to win a copy:
There are six common ways for men to accessorize; that is through his neckties, shoes, belts watches, rings and cufflinks. Among the six, cufflinks seems to be the least known to majority of men. Therefore, anyone who wears a pair of cufflinks on his French cuffs will definitely stand out from the crowd.
I try to get them to talk about their lives and their world - instead of just repeating the lines about shoppes, prices and places in their textbooks. The last 2 assignments I gave: write a story about yourself and your day.
Last week was crazy-busy. I had family in town as well as juggling recipe development for a client, a presentation for another, a fundraiser cooking class, and a column due to Fine Cooking Magazine. I also wrote a piece about my concerns over Wicked Tuna, a TV show about bluefin tuna fishing on NatGeo for CNN.com, and other work to do in preparation for several other upcoming projects. Then, on Friday afternoon, we drove down to Bluffton, GA and spent the weekend at White Oak Pastures with the Harris family.
If SEGA can make sure the controls work, I’m totally down for Yakuza: Dead Souls. I’m happy to see the leveling system return, excited to see what the confirmed hostess clubs are like in the middle of Z-Day, and can’t wait for a zombie to tear off his shirt in slow motion to reveal a rockin’ back tattoo.
“Is it based on real life?” (Yes, just like Agatha Christie’s many murders and Stephen King’s encounters with preternatural beings and events. What part of fiction don’t you understand?)
When stinging nettle is applied topically as an ointment or compress it is very effective in treating sprains, joints pain and even insect bites. It is used for rheumatoid arthritis, allergies, menstrual bleeding, hemorrhoids, high blood sugar, anemia and even eczema!
We also had 2 people come along to help out at gigs (Andy & Mick I think). We used to rehearse at a church hall in Rainham. We managed to do a few gigs here and there and got a couple of support slots at the Electric Stadium (now closed) in Chadwell Heath. We did the obligatory 4 track demo at a studio in Collier Row (I think). It all gradually fell apart although I'm not entirely sure why. I think Pete wanted to move on and I seem to remember it just went downhill from there. It was also around then that I started to lose the plot a bit and began disappearing into a haze of vodka and valium so I probably wasn't particularly easy to deal with at the time. The band must have actually been wound up as I eventually got a cheque for £35.00 after it had all finished. I did however resist the urge to move to Jersey.
Somehow, the weight of these worries has been lifted. Yes, I’ve rediscovered that which I loved as a child and yes I learned to better appreciate silence and yes it happens to be a very important time in the life my fiancée and I are building. But is this really it, is this what’s lifted the weight from my mind?
Hayden’s 380 is the only other time an Australian has scored 300 in a winning team. All other triple tons have come in drawn matches.
Ugh. I’m home sick today. No bueno.
"Oh no. And guess what? This is your lucky day!"
Of somewhat small note are some recipe changes made to a couple of the year-round beers. First off, the the Seven now uses a combination of roughly half pilsener malt and half organic pale malt as it's base along with a small decrease in the munich malt, making the beer a tad lighter both in color and mouthfeel as well. We like the change and hope you do too. The second beer that changed is less likely to have such a difference in flavor or appearance (just brewed it today, we'll see) but good news nonetheless - our main malt supplier (Great Western of Vancouver WA) now has organic wheat malt which has replaced the former conventional product we were using. It looked, smelled and tasted great. That makes the Four and Five both about 95% organic and even more local which is important to us.
1 declined
I continued to stare at her and then at the lemon and back at her waiting for some kind of apology or some sign that she was sorry or perhaps even human.
No small wings, or gentle sweet song is left,
The story itself:
I was probably nine or ten when I got the idea that beards developed gradually out of uncut sideburns and consequently refused to let my sideburns be trimmed for several consecutive haircuts. The barber teased me about Elvis. Other people wondered if I was trying to look like Spock. In different clothing and with a little curl, I would have looked more like a young Hasid. At some point, I figured out that no new hairs were about to start growing under my sideburns and stopped.
Somewhere around the abandoned petrol station, where the concrete is smooth and expansive, I decided I'd have a go. He handed over the wheels reluctantly. I bent almost double to grip the handlebars, one foot taking up almost the entire deck of the scooter. You don't realise how low to the ground kids actually are until you attempt this kind of thing...
What the heck am I going to call Casanova? Sangiovese?
As for advice, I would say to only pursue publication as a writer-illustrator if you are confident that you are equally strong in both areas because essentially you are giving an editor two reasons to reject you.
This is a collection of photos all taken in the Philippines, which I will keep updating. A collection of photos of different places, structures, mountains, sunsets, sunrises, beaches and other such views that show why it’s more fun in the Philippines.
“Kieslowski’s Cinema Lesson” sees the filmmaker discussing a specific scene from Blue and the importance of close-ups in the film.
(not sure what to do about the darn cat, I suppose I do have to keep feeding him.)
Sasha is desperate to find out who murdered her father. When getting the answer means pledging her soul to Eryx, she unlocks a secret that puts her in grave danger—Sasha is Anabo, a daughter of Eve, and Eryx’s biggest threat.
He discovered beers and beer styles that few people had heard of, and his well-written books on beer are all seen as the authoritative guides on the topic. His books - starting out with the "World Guide to Beer" as early as 1977 - provided the ultimate inspiration for the craft beer movement.
Here I am three months into my study abroad experience in India. This is my last week in Delhi. I’ll be in Jaipur for a week. Then I am heading home!!!
5. Carry Me Home (4:49)
2. Print From It!
See? Im so chuffed with this. Makes me feel good that Im doing my bit for up-cycling and my ribbons and fibres arent stuck in a bag all scrunched up and they look scrummy........theyre certainly better looking than that ugly door of mine, heehee!
May5, 2012- New Delhi
Now that you’re equipped with the basics of professional note-taking, you can join me in my fantasy parallel world. Just don’t be TOO competitive and take that Note Master promotion out of my hands!
Save Our Schools and other teacher groups organized a march on Washington, a four-day affair to get attention to problems in schools and gain support for education-favorable solutions.
Man: It couldn’t be moved by just a breeze?
“Our target is to expand the present group of supporters for the Afrikaner struggle considerably – but to also show up the ANC as the ‘pole-cat’ in the country which once upon a time, gave the ANC so much financial aid.’
Also, differences in the spelling of names is noted and may be due to regional spelling differences and also typos for which i apologize. Finally a few sentences of a personal nature have been extracted from the most recent email from Kranti Sangivane LOVE
–Even When, Tim Drisdelle (time for an Itunes visit!)
You’re the prettiest
when armed men suspected to
“The terms of the agreement were that the Palestinian organizations could even maintain armed bases of operation in the country, and they had freedom of entry and exit without being subject to normal police controls, because they were ‘handled’ by the secret services.”
Do you like Phil Collins? I've been a big Genesis fan ever since the release of their 1980 album, Duke. Before that, I really didn't understand any of their work. Too artsy, too intellectual. It was on Duke where Phil Collins' presence became more apparent. I think Invisible Touch was the group's undisputed masterpiece. It's an epic meditation on intangibility. At the same time, it deepens and enriches the meaning of the preceding three albums. Christy, take off your robe. Listen to the brilliant ensemble playing of Banks, Collins and Rutherford. You can practically hear every nuance of every instrument. Sabrina, remove your dress. In terms of lyrical craftsmanship, the sheer songwriting, this album hits a new peak of professionalism. Sabrina, why don't you, uh, dance a little. Take the lyrics to Land of Confusion. In this song, Phil Collins addresses the problems of abusive political authority. In Too Deep is the most moving pop song of the 1980s, about monogamy and commitment. The song is extremely uplifting. Their lyrics are as positive and affirmative as anything I've heard in Rock. Christy, get down on your knees so Sabrina can... Phil Collins' solo career seems to be more commercial and therefore more satisfying, in a narrower way. Especially songs like In the Air Tonight and Against All Odds. Sabrina, don't just stare at it... But I also think Phil Collins works best within the confines of the group, than as a solo artist, and I stress the word artist. This is Sussudio, a great, great song, a personal favorite.
SPs:
I realized that messes and extra stuff were robbing me of energy and joy. I am still working on this in my house! It is a process and I am getting there. Somehow clutter finds its way into all our homes, and before long it can take over quickly. You will be amazed how once you start purging, how much easier it is to let go.
So I have taken to lobbying Enfield Borough Council to get wheelie bins, the same wheelie bins that many parts of Britain complain so fervently about but where we are, whether its wild creatures or foraging gypos, we need them to protect our precious rubbish.
2052.E-I/7/1997. “Caution Must Be Used in Judging Politicians.” Hyde Park Herald, Chicago, Illinois, p. 4. See, also, ibid, p. 1. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(11), above, p. 108, n. 21.)
Authors have to remember that although Egmont is an editorially-led publishing house, the editors still have to attend an acquisitions meeting where he or she will have to convince the sales, marketing and finance teams to buy the book. These departments would think about whether the book could become a bestseller or be a prize winner. An important thing to market your book well is a good hook. You need to find a one-line bullet point to describe your book (e.g. the ‘xxx meets xxx’ scenario).
Kinda tough to hear. Best to turn it up.
(I have used music paper, stained paper towels,
Without going into boring detail, I will tell you that I have talked to my attorney, met with my advertising agency, started the paperwork for trademarks, and started building my first production brew system. Things are starting to roll. Wish me luck.
I felt like I was getting ready for the first day of school buying a composition book, a mixed media journal, a bristol pad, a new watercolour pad AND checking out all of the pen possibilities! Can you believe I have just bought my very first Copic? Lesson 5 was an exercise for our Loving Letters journals! So many of you do outstanding art journals, so just roll your eyes (privately of course LOL) at my attempts and know that I will likely get better LOL
I'm constantly taken by surprise by what I fall in love with.
The boys chased and jostled each other through the wrecks, ignoring the decrepit and rusted shells in favor of examining the more intact ones. Soon they came upon the ghost of a red Camero. The engine was gutted, the wheels gone but, except for the gaping hole where the radio used to be, the interior was still cherry; at least it was cherry enough for them. Broken glass and empty crack vials crunched under their feet as they settled into the seats.
The cry station has remained. It’s been an excellent test to see how sad someone really is, because oddly enough, when given the chance to bellow things out, they rarely do. Turns out, it’s not that much fun.
The award days were not over yet. Today the primary school held their "Best of the Best Assembly" and I was very proud to sit there and watch my little Kitcat receive her very first Academic achievement award. I thought it as cute how they had a photo of each child projected onto the wall behind the stage as they came up to be presented with their award. Seeing as she is in a Prep/1 composite class, Kitcat's achievement is even more impressive, although not totally unexpected because the teacher has been telling me all year how Kitcat does her Prep work very quickly, then asks to do the Year 1 work and often finishes that even before most of the other Year 1 students. Kitcat also received a $15 book voucher with her certificate, and she is looking forward to going book shopping with me.
My friend from Okinawa, Meredith, whom I wrote about before on my blog, bought the white shirt for my first child. Thanks, Mere! Now our second is wearing it. This is a nice thing about having two girls.
7 Wuthering Heights – Emily Bronte *
I’ve learned that there are only two things to keep your wife happy. The first is: leave her in the
I then saw what on first glance appeared to be a dead child in a skip on my road:
I know - the title of this blog is definitely not politically correct - I almost put a disclaimer on here that said if you are Sharla Miller please do not read this!! (because of Sharla - a skin cancer survivor - I vowed never to go to a tanning bed again!) however - I didn't promise to stay out of the sun.... sorry Sharla!!!
“I think there is a difference between the king’s and prime minister’s approach regarding political reforms and the pace of political reform,” he said.
The rains of temptation boasts its strength
Welcome to War, Children, and International Justice: The War Crimes Tribunal of the Hague. This site will be an invaluable tool to connect students and instructors on the course, travel information, and a place to share thoughts and photos.
For any actor, bagging a double role is a wish-come-true. Undoubtedly, it is a challenge, but it’s on the wish-list of every actor, and Katrina Kaif is no exception. And now, the pretty actress has bagged not a double, but a triple role. However, this time around, it’s not for a film but a commercial.
EARHART KC, BEADLE C, MILLER LK, PRUSS MW, GRAY GC, LEDBETTER EK, et al. Outbreak of influenza in highly vaccinated crew of U.S. Navy ship. Emerg Infect Dis 2001; 7: 463-465.
(Warning: While I appreciate every single person who reads my blog, if you’re a dude, you might want to skip this one)
Today is no different. We have liberal Christians who claim false truths and mislead millions in the name of love. We have hardline fundamentalists who distort the word of God because they fear secular society. We have scientists who claim God is a myth and an ancient cultural creation. We have different religions that all tell us we are wrong and should convert to their beliefs.
My thoughts were so far from that it's ridiculous. I was thinking of the families who lost loved ones and friends in the towers and in the wars. I thought of all the sacrifice and pain and humiliation the US has suffered.
(Amu, the heroine with Ran (red, sporty chara), Miki (blue artistic chara) & Su (Green, cooking & all things cute chara)
I arrived in Killarney a little before 9am to find the bike rental place wasn’t open yet. I milled around shivering until 9, when it soon became apparent it wasn’t supposed to open until later. Nothing else in the town was open either. Then, in a stroke of genius, I decided to go into a hotel and ask if I could change into some dry clothes in their bathroom.
I am to make Him my consuming focus at all times. I have to choose this moment by moment no matter how I feel.
In an interview with the newspaper today, Elouise Spooner said she spoke to Sherrod on the phone today and will publicly support her. “She helped us and we’re going to help her,” she said. She later told CNN that the government “didn’t do the right thing” in forcing Sherrod out.
You might see me as...an angry-all-the-time white guy who follows all the rules and only want you to do things his way.
I know.. "where have I been".. well to tell you the truth, I wasn't a big blog reader until recently.
Fridays during the Blog Me MAYbe month are focused on sharing something funny. I’m trying to keep my posts shorter than usual (by my standards of long and short, anyway), but this will be one of my shortest posts, even by my own standards of short.
My Pink Pirouette scallops were created using the retiring Eyelet Ribbon Border punch. I just let a little bit of it peek from the side of the Sahara Sand strip.
Anything that didn't show from the street was left for another phase. I kept the old vinyl windows but all the old siding and trim that was under the vinyl was painted. The difference is barely noticeable.
CENTER WILL CONTINUE TO MONITOR SEA LEVEL GAUGES NEAREST THE
What a sophisticated lady!
The other museum we visited was the Maritime Museum, which we almost didn't go to as, as Chi pointed out, we have been to quite a few Maritime Museums and they get a bit 'samey' after a while!
I need to make it a point to keep up with my blog more. OK, now I'm talking to myself.
We don’t want the overly nice sensitive schlub that goes out of his way to woo us (especially if we are not feeling him) and we also don’t want the jerk that is aloof and overly arrogant. Women want a man that is confident and knows the right boundaries when it comes to pursuing us and keeping us attracted. The minute a man loses himself trying to get one woman – it signals to us in some way desperation or low self-value.
has many tourism assets like
While I have three Chanel greens in my stash (yep), my favorite is the golden Khaki. Sometimes I apply that lightly and I'm finished. Other favorites are the enduring neutral shades like Chanel Ivory or Edward Bess Mystery and Escape. All are multi-dimensional colors, so they are easy to use alone or with each other. Sometimes I add eyeliner (if I remember).
Here’s a description of “Eating Out 2″ from IMDB: “After Marc dumps him, Kyle unites with Gwen and Tiffani to land sexually confused art model Troy by pretending to be straight. However, Marc wants Troy, too, and members from a notorious ‘ex-gay’ group are slipping for the both of them.”
So where’s the silver lining in all this if you are a New Orleans Saints fan? My opinion: forget about this season and let everything fall apart. Go 2-14 and get yourself a Top Three draft pick.
If you’re tempted to drop pounds fast with the latest fad diet, it could leave you with less-than-healthy hair — along with a growling stomach. Low-calorie diets are often low in some of the most important nutrients for healthy hair, including omega-3 fatty acids, zinc, and vitamin A. In addition to stunting hair growth and leading to dullness, super-low calorie plans may even cause hair loss.
So I think I’ll leave the advice giving to the experts. The good experts, not the idiots who tell you that all your dreams will come true and that you’re a special sunflower and that your hilarious farts smell like freshly baked cookies. Not those guys. Those guys are less qualified than I am to give advice, even if they do show up on Oprah sometimes.
So their advertisements are populated with a never-ending tide of giggling mouth-breathers who bray until blue-faced at anything bearing even a passing resemblance to wit. The message is simple: there is never a single second spent at The Olive Garden that is not the best goddamn second you've ever spent on Earth. I'm left with the impression, however, that if an actual joke were ever told inside an Olive Garden, every customer would erupt with laughter until blood geysered from their mouths and they fell facedown into their troughs of Endless Butter Sauce.
Stay tuned....
Why yes, yes she is.
As I’m putting the finishing touches on this edition of my blog, severe weather and tornadoes are slamming the Midwest again. I encourage you to go back into some of my previous blogs and read “Tornado Safety” (February 29, 2012) as well as “Using Insurance to Ensure Business Continuity” (January 31, 2012). If you are in an area that is experiencing severe weather, please pay attention to the weather reports and warnings and seek shelter if instructed to do so. And if you aren’t in one of these areas, take advantage of the quite time to make sure your preparedness kit(s) and plans are updated (see below) because you don’t know what lies ahead.
GING KALPAPRUEK
Whenever anyone tells a special needs parent “all kids do that” – those four small words completely dismiss the diagnosis, the struggles of our day to day lives.
It is nice to appreciate the great things your parents did for you. But it's all right to acknowledge the ways in which you think your parents could have done better, if they had known better, and to try to do better by your own kids. It's all right to remember the things that made you feel bad when you were a child, and to try not to hurt your own children.
They mess with the food, water, medical, faith (read Judeo cristianity) usury to keep us poor and let’s not forget the easy credit they offer.
For lack of a better tunnel
Atticus and I watch this one together. I'm a Jason Isaacs fan, so it had me at " ... starring Jason Isaacs" but I love the premise and so far love the execution. The last two episodes slowed down a bit for me, though, and I'm not sure they can sustain what they've started, but I'm enjoying watching it unfold.
I decided that it was time for me to haul out my Cricut and cut out a tag for today's project. I've used A Cuppa by Elisabeth Bell for SCACD. Isn't she darling? And look... she already has her Starbuck's Hot Cocoa!!!
We have a special on this show with heaps of Patterned Papers reduced to the low price of any 3 sheets for only $2.
So let's do salty-sweet today, okay? And crunchy-fluffy. And buttery.
‘‘(3) SECURITY CLEARANCE APPROVALS.—The Director of National Intelligence shall issue guidelines providing that the head of an element of the intelligence community may, as the head of such element considers necessary to carry out this subsection—
eyes of a master and one told through the eyes of a boy. Both revolve around unexpected acts
we did lots of fun things when they were here visiting, namely the fashion island mall’s enormous christmas tree display.
She looked pretty silly.
-Louvre bright and early to beat the crowd, right when it opened. We even went to the “secret” entrance between the 2 lion heads, where it was barely a line. Also, best part about studying abroad for a semester with a Danish permit resident card and being a Paris – the discounts! Got into Louvre for free! Hit up most of the major artworks, and I saw so many that looked like they came from my 9th/10th grade humanities book! It was really really cool! And I think the Mona Lisa is overrated…
Just like, remove the dirt in our shoes.
If you have an alternative argument, let's hear it! :)
the book is closed
¹ For instance, some Christians in the first century vigorously believed that Jesus would return in their lifetimes and that the end of the world was near.
These are my favorite flowers from childhood. My grandmother grew the sweet peas and bleeding hearts, and Mom always had hollyhocks up against the house. They grew other flowers, too, but none were as pretty to me as these three. I always promised myself that, should I ever actually have a garden, I would plant these three.
The terms black humor is thrown around a lot these days. Originally, the term was invented by Surrealist André Breton to describe comedies where the humor was derived from cynism and skepticism. But the term has many derivatives, including black comedy. Black comedy focuses on taboo topics, in particular death, and takes a satirical look on them while maintaining a sense of seriousness. Therefore, the goal of black comedy is to cause the audience to experience laughter and discomfort at the same time. One of the most famous examples of black comedy is Stanley Kubrick’s Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964), a film that found humor in such topics as nuclear warfare and the complete extinction of life on earth.
It's goodness, angels, democracy Saki... Saker... Sake-guy vs Putin, evil Russia, dare I say it, communism!
Mindful Parenting
Rachel wished she had kudos for her talents and accomplishments, but that didn't seem likely to ever happen. So she felt somehow it would be wrong to be a huge fan of someone's work and not ever tell them in someway.
Think about lunch.
Except for Paul’s two travelling companions, Luke and Aristarchus, no one knew of his apostolic authority. But we don’t have that problem for we do not speak the wisdom of this world that comes to naught but the wisdom that is of God.
Following swiftly on the heels of “The French Spring” post yesterday advertising an experience in film, today I draw your attention to the annual Ukrainian Investment Summit which takes places between 18th-20th April at Grange St Paul’s Hotel in London.
Who Pictures of Lilly UK
Meporter
Watch out for him at Changi General Hospital which has vowed to stand by his side through ‘thick and thin’:
Don’t get caught in the egoic trap of your surroundings dictating to you your mindset. Just because your immediate surroundings may not have the toys of the world that are supposed to indicate an abundant state, believe me they are only an extension thereof.
Okay, so she may not be the greatest writer of all time but she sure is a damn good storyteller!
4) Select the add HTML
5. What is your favorite flower?
Hi everyone! Its Wednesday, which means another episode of LIFE WORK BALANCES! Welcome back!
all grow in the realm of the Dharma;
I’ve got a frown on my face and I’m clearly grumpy about something - TELLING ME TO SMILE IS NOT GOING TO MAKE ME LIKE YOU!
Bill and Amy Albright aren’t thrilled with the thought of the animals coming back to Zanesville, either, but as long as the state steps its regulation of exotic animal owners, they don’t have a huge issue with it, they said.
Our teacher walks the other way - i.e. from Sayyidda Zaynab to Sayyidda Ruqayya. It was an interesting walk. We laft at 8am and made a pit stop at Sayyidda Zaynab's shrine. Even though it was so early, the shrine was full-ish, with people starting mourning rituals. There were even people handing out tea and bread to the zawwar (pilgrims).
The art style of this manga is simply great. I always like it when Japanese authors decide to break free from the usual conventions of manga styled drawings. The environment is drawn pretty good although there isn't much variation in locations but there are always a lot of details to look at (especially in the buildings). Some much needed breaks from the usual routine every now and then happen so it does not get tedious. In general the art is simplistic, especially when it comes to facial features. Somehow the characters don't look very Japanese because of it. Speaking of characters most of the are characterized fairly good. Some are predictable but still likeable while other more focused characters have a lot of things going for them. Throw in a little philosophy in it and you have a very nice read.
The number of road casualties amounted to 208,648 in 2010. Are we going to start blaming pregnant mothers involved in car accidents and promote publically how selfish they are for driving and not walking? I would hope not. I would hope this blame game stops and our culture of compassion returns.
Waking up at 6am today was like a treat after waking up at 4am and 5am this weekend for training. I honestly expected not to be able to move this morning because this weekend we completed 4 Body Pump classes, a technique Boot Camp, and the Body Pump challenge (in which I probably lifted more weight than I ever have before!). Yet, my body is not any more sore than usual! I still plan on taking the day off from weight lifting and cardio, and I plan on attending a yoga class this evening. I am expecting it to be very relaxing.
In August, Mr. DePlasco said, two months after the agreement was signed, Forest City disbursed $100,000 to the group. The company also provided space for and is paying the overhead of a new Build office near the Atlantic Yards site, and along with other supporters donated furniture and computer equipment to the group. On Sept. 5, Ms. Duncan said, Build began paying several staff members, including Mr. Caldwell and Ms. Louis, who she said are currently being paid at a rate equal to half the salaries listed on the group's original I.R.S. form. Before the signing of the community-benefits agreement, the staff had been working as volunteers, she said.
I believe it was old color-blind Al Sharpton who put Plan B into circulation. That was after George Zimmerman’s father, Robert, notified the media on March 20 that his son is not white.
I will say that writing the novel was a nov – umm, new experience for me. Because my previous works were collections of short stories, they didn’t require the same kind of immersion in my fictional universe that writing Welcome to the Multiverse did. I really enjoyed that, and hope to be able to do it again (but, of course, that’s a matter of inspiration, over which I have only limited control).
Small detailed designs don't work as well.
“It sounds like a harp.”
* Send 3 MEDIUM size JPGS to: contests@littledivatutus.com Subject: Cover Model Search. Please note: e-mails without a subject line are automatically deleted!
The words “I don’t care”, rang loud in his head.
the goddamned apostles
All of the moves are repeated in a second round so this is the lowest and highest of the 2 rounds. I don't like the Dive-Bomber Push-Ups in the beginning and I don't like them in the end. I do them like Marain does them and just go under the fence then push up. I was quite happy with my final round today and am so glad to see the vast improvement. I lost my book from the last two rounds I did and I am sad because I know I have improved since then. Anyways, one down, five strength workouts to go!!
Neil: Disturbing.
Sleep – it’s the topic that dominated my blog for a couple of weeks and now? Now we don’t really even think about it. I nurse Matthew to sleep at bedtime and before each nap and then I put him down. Instead of worry about when he’ll wake up again, I move onto other things, fun things, MY things.
Theme From Zorba The Greek
Even if you have only one computer (or only one laptop or netbook) you still can benefit greatly from a home network if you have a smartphone or network attached storage device (NAS, basically a hard disk with network connection). Once you have a working network, you have to set up the network file sharing: the ability to share all the files in given disks or folders with the other computers on the network.
Company F, 127th Infantry Reg., 32d Div., A.E.F.
Overall, as an “intro” to sci-fi this novel was a good pick. There’s nothing overly complex about the ship’s system, the characters were fairly fleshed out, and the plot was fast moving. Is it a book for everyone? No. But it was right for me, and I really think if it even sounds remotely good to you, you should give it a chance. I certainly look forward to the second novel to see how both the novel and the author grow.
Coat bottom of a 13 x 9-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Spread 1/2 cup sauce in bottom of dish. Arrange 6 tortillas over sauce, overlapping slightly. Spread half of ricotta mixture over tortillas; top with half of chicken. Sprinkle with 1/3 cup green onions and 2/3 cup Mexican cheese. Pour about 1 cup sauce over cheese. Repeat layers with 6 tortillas, remaining ricotta mixture, remaining chicken, 1/3 cup green onions, 2/3 cup Mexican cheese, 1 cup sauce, and 6 tortillas. Pour remaining sauce over tortillas. Coat 1 side of foil with cooking spray. Place foil, coated side down, over casserole. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until bubbly.
1 exits
Shirt- My Bitch Shirt-(Like a boss shirt) – Blah
I'm loving this program more and more!
So what now?
While completely unexciting but entirely satisfying, the first month was spent organizing the home and life I have created over the past 47 years, 13 of which have been spent in the same house. That’s nearly 28% of my life lived in the same house…not a long time by some standards but an eternity by others. It is 13 years of acquiring, collecting, and storing. Thirteen years that have included the many stages of my daughter’s lives (pre-school, soccer teams, music lessons, art classes…) and 13 years of additions to my husband’s tool collection (sigh!).
Me Made May 2012 outfit 7, Tuesday 15th May 2012 - Colette Patterns Sail Away Ceylon and Irregular Choice No Place Like Home heels, worn with a plastic anchor necklace which was a gift from Lauren
Randomized Controlled Trial
Price: 12.95$ (can)
But last week... Well!!! The weather was spectacular! It was hothothot and blazingly sunny. I think we hit 33C one day and the rest were pretty close to that. The sky was clear for the most part, with only the odd fluffy cloud passing by.
the stamps I used all Unity stamps..
2111.***E-VII/17/2002. On the John Walker Lindh case and the misdirection of Homeland Security resources. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-32.)
In retrospect, I realize the sound I thought was my dog’s nails on the glass door was actually the door latch opening. My neighbor must’ve let herself in my house again without knocking. I’d neglected to lock the door behind her when she left because… well… after all that had been said, I thought she’d gotten the message. More than likely, she thought of one more stupid thing she wanted to tell me and figured there was no harm in letter herself in again, since she’d just left.
Time of Day: Midnight
Again, if the captain’s top tube wasn’t so darn long I’d have snapped this baby up a long time ago.
Willett Rye, 3 years old, Single Barrel (Barrel 6), 55% abv ($36)
Not much crafty time again these days but I did manage a new crochet square for the Ravelry crochet along I am taking part in. I don't like it yet. But I feel clever cos it wasn't easy. The star is actuallly a separate piece attached on top. So that was quite clever. That was the easy part though. Following on some of the rest of the Star Overlay rounds was a whole other story. For now I have hidden both squares away so I don't have to look at them till next week & then maybe I will find a bit of love for them again.
Here in Australia we are fast approaching the end of Summer.....I must admit, I am not sad about that fact. Although I love swimming, BBQ's and daylight saving (long summer evenings), I am not a big fan of scorching heat that makes it too hot to be bothered going anywhere or wearing pretty clothes, crispy countryside (although it can have it's artistic look from time to time), and a general feeling of uncomfortableness every time I step out the door once it gets past 9 in the morning. That said, there are some redeeming things about the summer season. Despite the meteorological phenomenon of sometimes getting entire weeks (and even months) with the temperature consistently above 38 degrees (thats 98F for those in the Northern Hemisphere), one plant always lifts my hot summer spirits....the ever so humble Hydrangea. It captivates right from December around Christmas time, all the way through till Autumn when its showy flower heads start to fade to the darlingest green hue - perfect for drying or long term arrangements. And I have to say, they really are one of the most photogenic of all flowers too.... just take a look at these lovely images from pinterest and my sisters garden which prove my point.....
If you are reading this (which I doubt few of you are) you are probably familiar with it and are (hopefully) mourning over it’s cancellation. Yes I know it was canceled last year but I find myself roving FanFictions looking for good fics on it because I find myself thinking more and more about it.
Structural changes in the composition of Indian agriculture are leading to diversification into horticulture, livestock and fisheries since the 1990s. Analysing the likely high contribution of these high-value sectors, the report says that the shares of fruits & vegetables and livestock have shown an increasing trend in recent years and have been growing at much faster rates than the traditional crops sector. Given the rising share of high value commodities in the total value of agricultural output and their growth potential, this segment is expected to drive agricultural growth in the years to come. Bringing in reforms to streamline domestic markets and expanding the infrastructure and institutions to connect local markets with national and global markets, will go a long way in improving India’s competiveness and the benefits from trade liberalization. Higher investment in basic infrastructure like roads, canal waters, watersheds, check dams, etc. will attract private investment in other areas of the supply chain.
* If cutting binding strips I cut them to 2.5" wide and across the width of fabric.
Is this the price that all nations have to pay for an increasingly globalised world? Not at all — in fact, Britain is unique in having such a supine attitude to selling off its crown jewels.
By offering a wide-range of services, David F. Wood and his staff supports clients through many life-stages, forging a personal commitment to their short and long-term interests and goals. David F. Wood and his staff never forgets the personal story behind every case file, and use their legal experience and personal support to secure your better future.
When Toronto design guru Christopher Wood told me that he wanted to showcase my work in his chic King West furniture store, it was like winning the lottery. Christopher has impeccable taste and I feel like this month's IT-GIRL with an installation in one of Toronto's uber-chic furniture stores, LA Design!
my heart feels complete once again
That’s my paraphrase, of course. What Jesus actually said was much worse. If you want to be my disciple, you have to hate your family, take up your cross, count the cost, give up everything—real crowd-pleasing stuff.
A fabulous idea, but not always possible.
‘In reality, Assad is the Western agent in the Iranian and Russian back yard. He is well protected by both Mossad and MI6. He and his father have kept stability along the Syrian and Israeli border since the last war in 1973′. Its still all about Israel. Libya’s Gaddafi went down without hesitation from NATO because in reality, there was no connection between him and Israel and Libya has a lot of oil. It made more sense to attack him than it is now with Syria. The only problem the super powers face is who might step in power after Assad. The problem with Syria is that Turkey is ready to attack and Saudi Arabia are too and if the revolution in Syria is a success, then the next ones in power would be sunnis and the west doesnt want that at all. Iran is concerned about losing Syria as a major ally and do not want to see sunnis being in power because Iran would lose a great ally to them.
It'd be nice to be a professional student; I love accents, but can't figure out why people can't understand me when I say something like "coffee" or "laundry"; Books are the way to my heart, followed closely by food; I think life is sad without at least a little whimsy; I aim to never mature above 5-years-old, at least in some way; Mayonnaise is my mortal enemy, the Dr. Horrible to my Captain Hammer (because Nathan Fillion rules); I'm constantly convinced someone or something is watching me like I'm on TV; being double-jointed isn't nearly as sexy as it sounds and I can make people turn green far easier than turning them on; Love me, love my duck hamper; I can stare at a wall and entertain myself, it's one of the glories of being a daydreamer; I love old B-horror movies;
The blue tunic- the ascension
It was their university share house in Manchester that spawned the cult hit The Young Ones, the worldwide success that launched their careers, in which Mayall and Edmondson played Rick and Vyvyan respectively.
B roads for taking your time….
02 (Sittin' on) The Dock of the Bay (Cropper, redding) 5:15
Which song? Icarus
The cattle are lowing
As an overview of the conventional of the rocker assembly in the attached diagram shows the rockers are operated by the pushrod, a lever formed by the rocker operates each of the suspension elements. Compressing the heave spring and wheel dampers, extending the inerter and twisting the torsion bars.
1. I am very short... I just reached 5 feet.
Day 47
After a few seconds of recall he asks Hugo, "Were you on Oceanic flight 815...a week ago from Sydney?"
Therefore, by the simple standard of serving the citizens of this nation, and compromising to pass legislation to take care of the debt and deficit, these men and women on this committee have failed us.
Sour Kraut was the proper name and it had to be done just right. Mama made sure of that even if it took the whole day and all night.
Although it is still a bit early for her, at some point before graduation she should start reading the industry trades on a weekly basis (publisherweekly.com and publishersmarketplace.com are good places to start). She will absorb much industry information, and she will start to learn the names of companies and of people in the industry. As a starting point, it will be crucial that she has the names of all the major publishers and imprints memorized—it is a crucial foundation for becoming an agent, and it will be necessary, too, for her to know which publishers to apply to.
My friend's name is not "Susan"...I changed it because I don't want any harm to come to her or her family!
A 34 year old female Press Association journalist was arrested tonight by Operation Weeting officers, on suspicion of illegal phone hacking. I understand the suspect is Laura Elston, a royal affairs reporter who has worked at PA since 2000.
The real world can be a let-down, you need your own space, need to feel in control at times don't you? It’s the only way I know. It’s how I learn. I don't need any big words or big books to tell me that the only real way to communicate is with pure passion!
But even today with the bonds that we’ve made
When Cameron became Prime Minister, in his first Press conference with his deputy Nick Clegg, he pledged to end the old political culture where ‘tight-knit tribes make important decisions in wood-panelled rooms’.
Sometimes they noticed a problem, and ended up adding a layer of insulation to a kitchen pipe during a cold spell, or closing a window in advance of a threatening storm.
Can I still button my pants: Most of them
So if you wonder why people think cops are assholes — look no further than stories like this compared and contrasted to the neverending constant barrage of abuse of power performed by those with badges.
Oil - 2 teaspoon
This batch is a blend of a pull off the solera and fresh, non-soured beer. The solera was refilled with the fresh beer that did not go into the bottle. Straight solera beer could have stood on its own and would have been fantastic. But I wanted something with a sweet-sour balance for summer slurping.
But maybe I’m the wrong person to listen to, as I have many problems with biopics, in particular with those that attempt to glorify artists. La vie certainly doesn’t shy away from Piaf’s alcoholism or her dependence on painkillers, but nothing is shown of her activities during WWII, and only coy nods are made at the rumors of bisexuality. The deathbed confession also irks greatly – even if it’s true, the film feels like it's grasping for unearned tears. It’s a familiar trope with biopics, one that rarely ceases to bother.
starting in 1801 as summer house for Charles Carroll, Jr., and his bride,
and over budget. Judy Garland was frazzled, Roger Edens was furious.
Just a note, not all the recipes will be vegan on that blog. I will link to the posts for those who are interested, but I will NOT tolerate any bashing of the recipes that people share with me. (I won't be eating animals, don't worry!).. we are about making produce accessible. Any produce is better than no produce.
THE VERDICT:
Amit Bansal - The IT industry in India has undergone a major transformation over the last couple of decades. In the nineties, the processes were still very nascent. It took lot of time to create replicable processes and practices that could bring predictability in quality and timely delivery. In this period, the industry witnessed lot of innovation through best practices to deliver projects in a hybrid onsite and offshore delivery. The industry also matured to create specialized practices across different verticals and technology areas. However, the main advantage of the Indian IT industry was still the Dollar Rupee arbitrage. One could get the same work done in India at a fraction of the cost of the western world.
He's been trimmed with vintage crepe paper that's been sewn and hand cut (by me) to mimic leaves around his base.
True to our motto “Zeitgeist and Tradition”, we combine age-old values with innovation and new ideas. Especially in viticulture, we nurture these values by cultivating grapes in the steepest terraces to preserve the cultural landscape of the Mosel terraces. Our goal is to create quality-oriented wines while caring for the environment that our grapes grow in.
They talk about politics, too, and about how they kicked the Totskyites out of the SFNP but didn't have much to celebrate about it, and about how most of their friends have graduated by now. And about marriage; Jane confesses, "Maybe I'm just afraid of marrying you." She fears she;ll turn into an Emma Goldman type, but William assures her he wouldn't marry her just to save her from that (or from turning into a woman like his mother, Isabelle).
10) Hang on tightly to your bags. Due to my line of work, I’ve heard many cases of people getting pick-pocketed and losing their belongings in Paris (Notorious places include train stations particularly the Paris North (Gare du Nord) and Galeries Lafayette). It would be a pity to have your holiday in the City of Lights marred by an incident of pick-pocketing or theft and to lose time and money trying to sort everything out later.
It’s also important to avoid taking your stress out on your employees. You may be going through a difficult time and have less patience for mundane work, but be careful with how you treat those people you work with. The worst possible situation is for employees to leave the company because of a negative work environment that you’ve created due to your divorce.
“Do you have the LLamatologists Directory?” I called to the young woman who was interning with us in the geronto-petting zoo ward.
Charlotte Rampling, Under the Sand
I also like a good party. I read somewhere once that your comments section, on a good blog, should “feel like a party”. The one here, on Sweet Mother, DOES. The one on my old blog, not as much. I delight in reading the comments here EVERYDAY. I delight in it. That means that I’m doing something right. And I’m no genius. You can do this too.
And now the sexual assault is being done on stage and being played for titillation.
Take care, hope to hear from you soon.
You can have a good relationship with your children, you can feel fine about how your family interacts, you can feel great about yourself as a parent and still not really have the trust of your child. Even parents who would say they are people of integrity, honest, righteous and trustworthy fail to treat their children with respect. Parents regularly use bribes, rewards, punishment, and other forms of control to manipulate the behavior of their children, instead of building a strong relationship of free flowing trust. Children have a hard time trusting parents when they have no confidence in the parent's ability to let go of their need for control or being the one with the power.
Peach gummy candy (These are so good on their own, but I’m thinking about doing a Chopped challenge night where I have to incorporate them into a dessert. Too crazy?)
Article 110
Truth: While insurance is a good idea for many people, those who have sizable assets and no debt or dependents may be better off self-insuring, says Frank Darras, a lawyer specializing in insurance.
The older I get, the broader my tastes become. Recently I got on a British glam kick after watching the British version of “Life on Mars”. I recognized the songs, but did not know that they were so awesome. I wanted to hear them more. Mostly, this drove me to seek out T. Rex and Mr.Eno’s old band, Roxy Music. Thank you, Itunes, for making it possible to purchase these classics without having to go down to the local record store.
But it’s not so difficult to get out and honour yourself and your Gods by quiet actions in the world. An allotment or orchard project to bring pleasure to others and food to your family. Litter-picking as you take the dog for a walk, or the kids to school. Even volunteering to help your local space, be it Neighbourhood Watch, local environmental groups or charity work. Consider how best to connect your faith to your life, and do it. Take responsibility, rise to a self-imposed challenge. Be adventurous, explore – find your own quest!
-The giveaway will close on July 12th
Winds Of Change by Jason Brannon
I am going to be outside working on cleaning windows and gardening today.
Siblings: Shongile female, 2:1 male
Understanding the numerology of the Tarot is as easy as understanding your own personal associations with numbers.
Today is World Book Day. I thought I'd take this as a moment to make some observations on what those words mean to me. Some are questions, some are just thoughts. And there's the odd recommendation
Peter Schiff: I’d say it’s under-owned, it’s under-invested, people are so skeptical of it; everybody is expecting the price of gold to fall. Gold stocks are at record lows relative to the price of gold. There is basically no speculation going on, it’s all skepticism. Everybody is just waiting for the price to drop, everybody thinks it’s a bubble, and yet no one is really buying it.
As usual, I've presented the dishes in order of main ingredient and we begin with:
i believe that i can survive the 300 hundred children that will enter through my doors to play b/c i feel like
Well, I guess it does “fit” – afterall it’s a shrug, so I suppose it’s “doing exactly what it says on the tin”. Buuuuut, it’s just that it doesn’t *look* like it fits.
I was the one who booked the wedding venue, and I had to do it without my daughter even seeing it in photos…I know that she usually trusts my judgement and I really thought that I chose the best option available in my smallish town, but that doesn’t mean I wasn’t nervous yesterday when we went to view the site together.
For a few days I’ve been out of job. Hopefully this condition won’t persist for long. While I’m on a job hunt and taking time off to recuperate, I’ve also been thinking about the things I missed out on in blogging. Then I remembered I have yet to share with you my absolute favorite recipes for chocolate chip cookies.
Who would have thought that taking out a loan on a vehicle that was already paid off could be a good financial strategy? And I’d never heard about the nearly free Magicjack phone service listed in between the pink pages. In desperation for our retirement future, I’d opened a Roth IRA savings plan last summer, but lo and behold, there are better options out there! Ones I’ve never heard of before!
RGR126 Oregon Scientific Rain Gauge Review – Top Wireless Instrument
Michelle Williams – in Louis Vuitton
I have tried to emulate that experience of finding fun people to play with in TOR too. But it’s been… well, a mixed bag. I seem to play at all the wrong times for the guilds I’ve joined. By the time I log on, there’s one person other person online. I do enjoy the actual game though, the story is exactly what I always wanted from my WoW experience. But I miss the social atmosphere and ease of just hopping in and out of groups from WoW. Say what you want about the Dungeon Finder, it was a godsend to shy people like me. And when the topic gets approached on the TOR forums, someone usually not-so-politely states that if you’re not a social butterfly, you need to GTFO from MMOs. How kind.
We will be closing at 12 noon tomorrow, and will re-open on Tuesday 3rd January, giving us both some time to re-charge our batteries. We hope you all have a great Christmas and don`t spend too much time in the kitchen unless you want to!
And thus the native hue of resolution
Chest heaving as they wheeze and squeeze their breath.
santogold- "lights out"
will unfold like unlaced fingers
Flavorings, etc: Chicken broth, Cajun spices, celery seed.
But no dog will ever replace our sweet Daphne
Of course, since it was Saturday, the plumber didn't answer and I left a message. A few hours later, I left another message. A few hours later, I called another plumber, picked out of a hat. Fortunately, the second plumber came right away and showed me that the 25-year-old faucet on my kitchen sink was kaput. The water was still flowing because the cut-off taps were so old and stiff that I hadn't turned them all the way off. He didn't have a faucet in stock to replace it, so there was nothing he could do for me except charge me $100 for the service call.
Me: Anna, I'm sorry. I didn't know.
For example, I share a home, 3 cats and my precious set of screwdrivers and wrenches with a man whose background is in theoretical Physics. (sharing household tools with a theorist can be an interesting proposition) I worked on Biopolymers; Plamen worked on neutrino oscillations. In a strange way, we met because of solar neutrinos. He brought them up; I knew what he was talking about because the HEP group at Tufts was right downstairs from my friends in Condensed Matter Physics; we managed to date.
Speak to the Sky
Notice that Mary, the mother of Jesus was there and joining them in prayer. They were not praying to her or through her. She was one of them, of the same mind. She was in need, as they were in need. She had not gone into heaven. She was no different than the other women. Who else was there? The brothers of Jesus were also there. In Matthew13:55we learn that the brothers of Jesus were James, Jude, Simon, and Joseph. Two of these half brothers of Jesus are of special note. James became the moderator of the great Jerusalem Council in Acts 15 and Jude was the human writer of the letter that bears his name in the New Testament. Up until this time they were noted for their unbelief but now after the resurrection, they were joining the rest in prayer. What is the importance of this prayer? I believe that all prayer acknowledges our insufficiency and worships God. It is a form of worship, praise and submission when we humble ourselves with bowed head before our Lord and Saviour. These disciples were powerless, facing a monumental task. They knew their only hope was in the risen Lord. Thus it is with us also as they Lord does His work in our hearts. The disciples were worshipping God through prayer but they would also have been beseeching God in behalf of one another. True prayer is “others centred” and when you pray for your enemies they no longer are your enemies. They would also have been praying for the Jewish nation that they would accept the Messiah.
Rick Santorum won:
Surf! I watched my partner, Mike, learn to surf when we lived in San Diego, and though I have lived close to the coast most of my adult life and love to body surf, I have never learned to surf. Some part of me pines for that. A sense of a missed moment and experience. Being in the ocean is extraordinary. Delicious. And pretty terrifying at times. Not much fun to be pinned down by a wave or caught in a rip. Still, I loved body-surfing when I was pregnant, letting go into the water, becoming weightless and graceful, immersed in something entirely other, that was a great pleasure.
Don't know if I can just choose one Tilda as my favorite, but I think she's in the running for it...LOL. Hey, how about you...do you have one very very very favorite Tilda?
i feel like such an OLD lady trying to figure things out. i find myself muttering things like
This morning the IAAF told The Times that they had the test results from Germany but these would first be interpreted by a panel of experts before discussing the matter with Caster, and then making a public statement. Well that didn’t happen.
Wells
"No of course he does."
To Die Like a Man (Rodrigues)
Lovely mural on wall…love
Kenny Lamb: Drums
A lot of the time, it's you.
If it's Wednesday it can mean only one thing! That it's time for the weekly article nominations at the Watcher's Council!
“The senseless murder of this young man is horrific,” said Council Member Letitia James. “I urge residents of Farragut Houses, Fort Greene and Vinegar Hill to work with NYPD to locate the suspect and bring him swiftly to justice.”
February 1st- current (continued to use the Body By Vi programming)
More shipper questions. Sigh. I actually hate the idea of Emmett and Daphne together, though, because he loved her for forever and it wasn’t until Bay wanted him that Daphne decided she liked him. (At least, that’s how it seemed to me.) Too little, too late, Daphne.
Her systems were still garbled, patchy communications came intermittently. "C.I.C. this is Nike, do you copy?" she tried her comm, hoping that direct communications line with Orion wouldn't be a screwed as the rest of the Fleet wide bans. She couldn't very well do her job if she couldn't communicate to the Orion or her squadrons.
radiation clouds have often driven me indoors away bearing witness from the insanity, and mother earth beckons me outside,
Let us shape the land so we can look out at it. Or we can lift our hands from it and still shape
She yawns and orbits into view,
Sharpen your creases with your embossing tool and decorate your card as you wish! :0)
Look out, mama, 'cause I'm comin' home tonight.
listening
Amazon Kindle Makes Great Christmas Present This Year
For high-end operations read wars.
Life really is like the coastline with its ups and downs and rugged and smooth patches and a little help every now and then doesn’t hurt.
Wi' favours secret, sweet, and precious;
Because somehow, I keep forgetting she’s pregnant.
To: sponsor1
I’m just a 23 yr. old Ohioan, living the married life with my two large dogs, Charlie and Daisy.
When I came home from running an errand last Saturday, my 9 year old son was riding his bike without his helmet. So I told him he couldn't ride his bike for the rest of the day because he wasn't following our rules. Within about 15 minutes, I heard agonizing screams coming from the driveway. The kind of screams that can only mean someone is badly hurt.
Harry Potter isn’t safe, not even within the walls of his magical school surrounded by his friends. Because on top of it all, there may well be a traitor in their midst.”
“So be it. Kill him.”
(1) a well executed theme will be carried ALL THROUGHOUT the wedding (that means, your place cards, your invitations, your menu design, your flowers, your cake design, your table linen/cloth colours!!, your napkin and plate colours!!, your seating plan design, your favours and favour tags/boxes, your signage, your dress STYLE, your shoe colour!, and so much more! The more we see your theme in your wedding, the better it will show in your photos :) )
Cute, but make sure you don’t touch them or put your fingers in your mouth after you touch it. Wash your hands very well.
You can go around to your local shopping center to find best beauty products, foods, clothes, cosmetics, accessories and that you want to buy or you can find a place online deals that always offering best deals on those thing that you buy from their local shopping center. There are number of great retailer sites that always offered discounts and coupons on products that you need the most often for your daily deals. It is the good way to stock up and get in a good price and delivery is usually very fast services.
3. Do you have any likes/dislikes about the 12-hour readathon, compared to a 24-hour readathon?
I don't enjoy those ghastly kids shows on ABC Kids, all day long.
I can’t believe the last person to use the copier didn’t hit the reset button when they were through.
Acute always does such a fantastic job with reissues, and now they’ve broken their vinyl cherry (finally! give us yr older shitz on wax too pleez!) with The Disco Zombies LP which features their 3 singles along with a bevy of unreleased tracks (and even more stuff via download that comes w/ the record). Maybe you know the infectious title cut Drums Over London, but are you familiar with the later, sublime track “Mary Millington?” If not, get crackin’. S-S Records is no stranger to digging up the finest in unheard spizz, and they really hit one outta the park with their Sperm Wails single. While 80s UK snarl-experts, Sperm Wails, had a few (great) records during their existence, S-S managed to procure YouTube sensation “Lady Chatterley” for its first appearance on a real playable vinyl record. Happy happy joy joy kill kill die. Jack Ruby. The name conjures one of the defining images of 20th century America; a stocky fellow in a fedora shoving a revolver into the gut of ultimate patsy Lee Harvey Oswald. But if you’ve ever been even slightly obsessed with New York City’s No Wave scene then you know of them as an early mythical iteration of the anti-everything post-Stooge/VU proto-punk underground, particularly as relates to one George Scott, intense bassist of both the Contortions and 8-Eyed Spy and tragic heroin OD. Some recordings surfaced this year via his old roommate and they are a revelation. We’re talkin’ prime-time proto-punk (’74-’77) rock noise up there with all-time greats like Debris’, MX-80, and all those bands from the crucible of post-industrial rock, Cleveland Ohio. An enterprising French label, Saturday Records, took it upon themselves to make sure some of these amazing tracks, only existing as a download on a blog at that point, made it to vinyl. And thus we have Jack Ruby’s debut single “Hit & Run”/”Bad Teeth.” Prefiguring all kinds of weirdos like Crime, Chrome, and MARS, this stuff is potent. A CD featuring more material was issued by no wave historian Weasel Walter’s ugEXPLODE label came out simultaneously. Word is that Feeding Tube Records will be committing that document to wax. More stuff like this and I might never buy a new record again.
The palate was medium bodied, fresh, fleshy and delicious. Plums, blackberries, delicate white pepper and liquorice dominate, with a touch of acidity cutting through and keeping it pretty. There was a clean earthy, truffley, granitic minerality shining in the background giving some lovely complexity.
One of the toughest things to find a good gluten-free replacement for is pizza. Over the past few years, I have found a few good substitutes, though, and I thought I’d share my findings.
But bureaucrats in one Taiwanese city did recently dramatically improve pavement sanitation by rewarding with lottery tickets people who handed in bags of dog doo.
& feeling
I read a verse this weekend that I'd like to share:
16. Plaintiff have exhausted all administrative remedies with the defendant’s office. On March 2, 1990, plaintiffs served upon defendant a final demand to cancel all logging permits in the country.
Our team for zip-lining was a hoot. We were in fits of laughter most of the time, and I got to see 2 SLOTHs!!! But the fits of laughter were only made worse when the following happened: On the fastest and steepest line, I watched the 2 teammates in front of me fly down and make some form of contact with the tree. They were laughing and uninjured as the guide, also known as my Hero, on the other end helped them down. As I got hooked up, the guide on MY end looked at me and said, "No break..." This wouldn't be a problem, as I had yet to figure out the whole breaking thing. So off I go, yelling out our team's flight yell of "that shit craaaaaay" ( please note that the cray part is similar to how Tarzan would yell). As I'm racing toward the platform, I am realizing that maybe the best plan would be to open my legs and straddle the tree, thus avoiding breaking my ankle. But at the last moment, my Hero jumped out to catch me and I ended up straddling him instead. My teammates lost it as I apologized profusely. We were both bright red with embarrassment.... One platform later the 2 guides wanted to take our group's picture... I wonder why... I hope he knew it was just a one zip-line stand, because I'm not sure I can commit to a repeat performance on that level.
Then falling in love with a photographer in the flesh made me change course so radically it puzzles me to be sitting where I am. For the length of our partnership I abandoned writing (though gained much material) and worked on image - a small design agency in Ghana, photography exhibitions (sadly I was the woman behind the man) and all the publicity material for our art gallery which continues to slip out of my books.
To cut it short I got tested in a little clinic in Hammersmith. I had to wait 48 hrs for the results and two days later I was given the all clear. Verity was sitting besides me as the doctor spilled out the good news and gave me my test results. On hearing the news Verity began crying and I began thinking of Ace and wondering whether his phone would be on yet. What a great day it would be if after all these months of worry I could score early and get back home and sink into oblivion properly. Now that would be perfect! After having my life saved it was only right that I risk it again... if not what would be the point in having it back? The thought and the day was temptingly delicious in its coldness. The doctor babbled on some more but I never heard a word. Before leaving he referred me back to The Needle Exchange for a session on safe injecting practices. Of course I never went. I wouldn't need to. From that moment on I never ever shared a room with someone injecting again, and only on a handful of occasion ever had someone inject in my presence. The life scared me, and the people even more.
Welcome to the annual, Carolyn and Joe Show, Christmas Special! Tune in to see who has the holiday spirit and why and listen to the story about “Sad Santa”. This episode is a little out of control…with holiday cheer and more! Not an episode to miss. Enjoy!
Retweeting is a way to copy what someone else said while still giving credit for it. If you see a tweet that’s funny or interesting, you may want to retweet it for your followers or for anyone who didn’t see it before. Suppose my imaginary friend @HoustonAuthor tweeted this:
British politics has got a bit strange. First of all, who on earth is Nick Clegg? Here's who:
(Be warned, it's not a good idea to faint when your boob is trapped in a vice. Heed my wisdom.)
This blasphemy is built in the previous false claim that forensic imputation is deception.
"I want to regain my first amendment rights. I want to be able to say what is on my mind, in my heart, what I think is helpful and useful without somebody getting angry."
Now I know, both from the dictionary definitions, and from talking to people over the years, that many abhor the idea that athletes are often “cocky”, “conceited”, or “self-absorbed”. That for every person that loved Deion Sander’s moniker of “Prime Time”, there were those that couldn’t stand him. That for every fan of the Los Angeles Lakers’ “Showtime”, there were those that preferred the “blue collar” Boston Celtics.
Current Weight: 12st 8.6lb - 176.6lbs
“It’s really helpful in a lot of ways,” Loomis said. “A senior has the opportunity to get information from the city every day that is pertinent for that day.”
2 Timothy 3:2 For men will be lovers of self, lovers of money, boasters, arrogant, revilers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
None of those prosecutors has ever been disciplined.
As the crisis heads into what is termed a “double dip” recession, imperialism has its tentacles spread thin. Three wars, responsible for countless tens of thousands of civilian deaths, are being run by the Democrats, while covert actions and drone strikes cross more borders than Wikileaks can keep up with. The workers of North Africa, the Middle East, Europe, and China are attacking their governments and taking massive strike and protest actions. With the collapse in the bailouts of Greece, Spain, Portugal, Ireland, and the potential downgrading of the USA's bond rating by Moodys, it is clear the big bosses of the world economy see no way out except imposing massive austerity measures, which they expect the trade union leaders, the Social Democrats, the Labor Parties, and, in the USA, the Democratic Party to administer. And the class traitors at the head of our unions are following right along – witness SEIU Local 1000's endorsement of Governor Brown's regressive tax plans in California.
mini banana muffins
a synesthesia of spirit
This first part follows Angelou’s childhood in the American South in the 1930s. After their parents’ divorce, she and her brother Bailey are sent to live with their grandmother in Stamps, Arkansas. Angelou feels ugly compared to the white children, even the “powhite folks”, and does not feel equal to the other black children either. At first, the book seems to have the childlike innocence of To Kill a Mockingbird — a child observing racism but unable to understand it. The tone of the book becomes steadily more horrible and disturbing as Angelou encounters more racism and abuse.
Anyways back to the Jade Forest….
2 Cor 13:14 (Phi) The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the fellowship that is ours in the Holy Spirit be with you all!
Wow, I'm getting chatty lately, eh?
Welcome again to another Creative Mondays! Thank you to everyone that linked up for the last challenge! The theme of this challenge is going to be "stitching" faux or real.
- Do not block your breathing: expire gently through your mouth during the effort, when you flex the torso, and exhale during the downswing.
NEWARK, May 1, 2012—NJIT Distinguished Professor of Chemical Engineering Kamalesh K. Sirkar was awarded a patent today for his water desalination technology. “Desalination Devices and Systems Using Porous Hydrophobic Hollow Fibers and Hydrophobic Porous Coatings” (US Patent Number 8,167,143) discloses membrane devices and methods for direct contact membrane distillation and vacuum membrane. Sirkar is Foundation Professor in Membrane Separations at NJIT’s Newark College of Engineering http://chemicaleng.njit.edu/. To see Sirkar at work, please visit http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdTaSrtoqBQ.
Lodg'd with me useless . . .
They are helping to re-establish electrical power to pumps and motors and to install power panels; draining contaminated water; and acquiring desalination equipment, underwater pumps and air purifiers to filter radioactive dust. Westinghouse has provided Tokyo Electric with boron, fuel, spare pumps and other supplies.
it hides its death in my cinched
I always wanted that myself
A wonderful way to encourage them to visit your yard is to place cut oranges out. A dollop of grape jelly on a cut orange is irresistible to Orioles. The males are very brightly colored and the females look like a faded dusty version of the males, minus the black hood.
I am not going to cover everything on the subject, although I will touch upon most, and will spend time on some aspects and gloss over others. Some/most of the below have been seen and written about before but I also hope I've posted some things rarely or quite possibly never seen before. As always, comments and corrections are encouraged and welcome.
Now a thank you to the very lovely Martha who you can visit here, please do go and see her! She sent me this gorgeous little owl pin and card all the way from America! Thank you so much Martha, you are a star!
I also mentioned to her that within the last few weeks I’ve been noticing my heart racing / beating hard / palipatating while at rest / etc… So, she wanted me to call my PCP and see if they could fit me for a holter monitor or refer me to a cardiologist who could. Apparently it’s common to have a heart murmur develop when pregnant – due to the 50% increased blood flow, it makes what may have been the slightest murmur that otherwise wouldn’t have been detected show up.
Not all doctors approve of weight loss surgery on the young; some feel it is simply too drastic to operate on patients whose bodies (and minds) are still developing, and who, by definition, have had only limited time to learn other successful weight loss strategies.
So it being Wednesday and all gave me the push to actually do it, and to put things away as I photographed them so that I had desk space to photograph the next lot! So if you want to see what I bought with my birthday money and some recent sales look at all these photos:
While many times on this blog I have featured the various larger sizes of bamboo I grow here in Central Arkansas, I have several other species of bamboo which in no way are as majestic as my "giants", but still offer me the grace, color & enjoyment all bamboo provides me.
Rat Club London 17th December 1977
Next year, when I am in 3rd grade, I am going to use Heather Renz's poetry unit plus the set up of what I used this year and combine them into a poetry folder. Each student will have a poetry folder to keep special poems they read and write as well as any other valuable information that pertains to studying poetry. This is similar to what my cooperating teacher did when I student taught and I really liked that they had one folder only for poetry stuff. I really think that the folder idea will work well and will be easy to use for a 15 minute mini lesson that I try and include in my workshop a few times per week.
Make sure there is enough water in your pot to completely cook the grains and that the pot is boiling. Add grains to pot and bring to a boil agin. Add garlic and parsley. Stir and cover and let sit in a 250oF oven for 30-40 minutes, or until grains are cooked.
Chances are those in many areas don’t use mobile technology other than to make some emergency calls. Oh, but wait, the infographic does go on about how mobile phones are used, noting video, search, browsing, etc. It doesn’t even mention texting or calls.
We had a great turnout last week. I know we are all getting busy with the holidays upon us. I hope you will be sure and share what you are working on for the holidays. I am busy getting tables ready for next week and then of course I have to clean the house good. Don't won't any dust bunnies floating across the floor now do we?
You discover the Rake Back or you want to improve your revenues? Here are a few tricks and tips to optimize your earnings:
Nowadays, though, the ideal is changing. It seems that more and more publishers are dividing payments into thirds, or more. Partial payment on signing, partial on delivery and acceptance, sometimes partial on the delivery and acceptance of proposals for any other books, and the dreaded partial payment upon publication. I hate that. Authors hate it. Agents hate it and publishers love it. It’s becoming standard now at most houses, so complain all you want, you’re not getting out of it, no matter how small your advance is.
Why didn’t others help Paul? They were not spiritually minded. An example of this mindedness is in Philippians 2:4. “Look not every one on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.” Then he cites the example in verse 5. “Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus.”
Even the high end travel scale in Vietnam is reasonable. In Saigon, now Ho Chi Minh City, I treated my traveling companions to a nice night out and was determined to spend $100 on the three of us. After drinks at the Saigon-Saigon bar on top of the elegant Caravelle Hotel, we enjoyed a meal at the Temple Club, a renovated former Chinese temple, where we retired to their drawing room for dessert and coffee. It was only with a large tip that I was able to spend the last of my $100.
Sarah Connolly (mezzo-soprano)
Add mushrooms and remaining chicken stock. Cover and simmer over medium low heat for about 15 minutes or until cooked through. Remove chicken from skillet and allow to rest 4 – 5 minutes before slicing. Mix together cornstarch and water; bring mushrooms and broth to boil; stir in cornstarch mixture until thickened. Slice chicken breast and pour sauce over top.
(It was really scary for the kids at first.) Some of the rays are bigger than you. And there is a glass window at one point of the experience that is filled with sharks. They can't get you, but it feels like your swimming with them. We watched them getting fed under the water. So cool.
Apple had a boom quarter on the back of the new iPhone 4S, selling more than 35 million handsets, double that of the year-ago quarter.
No power no Problem Alarm System to back up Time and Alarms
Then we change the words to tap, roll, drum, playing low, playing high, playing on our knees, shoulders, etc!!
But who’s going to answer these fundamental questions?
Gee Shan, thanks for delving that all up. Try to push out the memory of children throwing Bibles in the Church while their parents laughed because they are “cute”, as the Church planner and your family gaped in horror. Forget the bullying when our decisions didn’t meet the expectations of others.
“Thank you, doctor.” While Jaejoong and Yoochun did the same.
Best Furniture. In the 13 years I have lived here, I have only been in there one other time.
Question: Are the Jews going to destroy the Mosque of Omar and try to reconstruct the temple of Solomon?
Our sweltering pure passion liquefies
Most significant, however, was the arrest of Soumaila Cissé, who frequently served in governments during both terms of President Alpha Oumar Konaré (1992-2002) and who lost the second round of Mali’s presidential election to ATT. Unlike the others arrested (with the possible exception of Babaly Ba), Cissé has no direct links to the ATT regime. He spent most of the last decade in Burkina Faso, where he chaired the body that oversees the region’s common currency.
OK, the dream was a LOTR cheap make of a section – like the finding of gollum thing was (only that was done SOOOOO much better than this)…unless this was a spoof of that…anyway there’s this battle line of the enemy, a woman sorta resembling Eowyn (who is a whiny, whiny woman v prone to tears and broad gesticulations). Aragorn is a complete and UTTER pansy. He also has the wild (yet stylish) gesticulations down. He has very stylish (in character for him anyway) clothes – all tailor mades, bias cuts etc…to show off his ‘manliness’ of which there wasn’t much – he had practically no calf muscles and was skinny as. Anyway he and the Eowyn girl and another (more manly man (also known as reccuring in my dreams mystery guy) are in a trio and discuss what to do about the baddies (who are for some reason waiting patiently). Aragorn does all these broad gesticulations and pulls out these TINY tiny daggers (not even as long as my palm) and proposes to go in as the diplomat and if it doesn’t work then the daggers will do all the work (did I mention his stylish clothes were cotton? – he isn’t wearing any armour whatsoever?). More discussion, and then with more gesticulations (knives in hand) saunters (yes that is what he did he sauntered) over to the enemy. The dream ten cut to the TV reporter who was reporting on the battle. He was from so Morning TV show and was wearing siny shiny silver (very highly polished shiny silver armour) it was GLEAMING. Cant remember much about what he was reporting on cos I never remember conversation. But the dream ended with him saying to the presenter in the studio ‘by the way, the fat suit stinks’.
Happy Birthday, William Shakespeare!
Appalled, the preacher replied, "I'd rather be tied up and taken advantage of by women of ill-repute than let liquor touch my lips."
I started this project convinced that i would write it in english, since i wanted to do more, such as videos, photos and a lot of cool stuff that i would have done if i had had time to actually do it this way.
Other: Autumn Rose satin ribbon, Lavendar buttons, MS butterfly punch, pearls, PTI linen impression plate
And clutched a windup doll beating on a drum for me,
Congrats, Colleen and Stephanie! Bring home the gold this July!
After a good nights rest, much needed after the long trek to the cottage, We set off, initially to the nearby town of Poolewe. According to the local paper, there was a weekly produce market and that seemed the ideal place to stock up with provisions. Setting off, along the main road we were more than a little shocked, rounding a bend, to discover this…
It seems to me that as the world turns and time passes, the more individual his later rooms become and the harder they are for modern clients, decorators, and, in my case, students, to understand. The interiors of his that I admire the most, and I think many would agree, are not those of 1940s New York, but those in his last house at Ménerbes - simple, unpretentious, symmetrically arranged distillation of stone-floored and plaster-walled spaces furnished with rattan and wood, softened with linen, cotton and African art.
I'M BAAAAACK!!
Oliver told Good Morning America that Zimmerman “couldn’t stop crying” in the days after he’d killed Trayvon, and also suggested that the reality of what he’s done is just beginning to sink in:
Eliza Presley may not appear in your follower list. Eliza Presley may have decided to stop following you, or the account may have been suspended for a Terms of Service violation.
07 - Beatin' The Odds 03:20
Lorraine is a very small wine producing area in north east France, just slightly west of Alsace and centered around Metz and Nancy. Today the place barely shows up on our radar as a wine producer, but once upon a time vines flourished here. Before Appellation crontrôlée regulations much of the grapes for Champagne came from this area. Phylloxerra arrived here much later than Champagne, so it was of huge benefit to have this source of grapes – ‘Champagne’ grapes were also grown in Luxembourg in those more relaxed days. After 1871 Lorraine became a part of the German Empire, until 1918, and the grape growers of Lorraine became suppliers to the fledgling Sekt industry.
Interestingly enough, even though they are from Korea, the frozen yogurt craze hasn’t hit nearly as hard as it has in the US. I came to Korea expecting many Pinkberrys, many Red Mangos and many just like them. In the city I live in, just outside of Seoul, there was ONE Red Mango but it disappeared 2 years ago. You’re able to find frozen yogurt and a few cafes here and there but there hasn’t been anything like Pinkberry (various flavors, choose your toppings etc.) on the scene.
mean money for this art
McInerney states, “…nobility is possible with this grape.” He goes on to list several producers that should be considered, and notes that the wine region of Friuli, Italy produces some noteworthy selections.
One of the ways that I wish to say “thank you” to all of the folks that follow Tiffany Doodles is by offering a brand new Freebie every Thursday. I’ve received a hefty response from this, which has encouraged me to continue creating even more! Tiffany.
"Charles Wallace understands more than the rest of us, doesn't he?
Having nothing in particular to report with regard to my own family history research, I’ve been digging around the web looking for useful sites to add to this blog and I think I’ve managed to unearth a few! I’ve added them to the Links page. I’ve also sorted through the links and organized them into some kind of order. It’s not easy to do as so many sites carry a little bit of everything! Anyway take a look and let me know how I could improve it and don’t forget let me know if you have any interesting sites I could add.
print image because I was pretty sure I wasn't going to use
The carpenter singing his, as he measures his plank or beam,
Modernist poet Muriel Rukeyser (1913-80) is probably best know for her poem sequence, "The Book of the Dead" (1938) which sought to bring national attention to the epidemic of silicosis--a deadly lung disease caused by exposure to silica dust in mines and factories that did not take adequate steps to protect workers.
Paul F. Beatini, 40, Park Ridge, N.J.
That night we decided to do a date night and go to Olive Garden (I splurged with no regard to my sugar levels lol). They have these new drinks out that are to die for. I got a Strawberry Mango Limonata. I found the recipe online too!!
1/4 cup chopped raw almonds
15. taken many pictures to document most of this =)
Warning: I liked how these came out so much, don’t be surprised if I ever gift you a set of coasters.
When we let go of the past with love, as oppose to anger; it clears our spirit of ties to the past and makes way for new love to enter our lives.
I had spent years only moving my body with the goal of changing the size or shape of it – only choosing the things that burned the most calories even if I hated doing them. I snapped, I had had enough. I went to dance class. I didn’t try to estimate the calories that I was burning, I moved because I love to move. I danced because I love to dance.
Step 1: Wash the rice several times with water until the water runs clear from the rice. Soak rice if you desire to help your cooking time.
Regardless of how old you are remember what it was like to be foot loose fancy free and nine years old.
As anyone still reading this blog is probably aware, I'm doing NaNo again this year. Only I've gotten so used to it, I decided to make things a bit more "interesting". The curious can read the details over on the blog I set up just for this wild project: Thirty Days and Nights of Inksanity. Yes, I'm writing in longhand, with fountain pens and inks, and posting about them each day. I'm a few days behind, thanks to the "snowpocalypse" that struck in late October (which I posted about over there, too). But I'm having fun...
She needed reassurance that her body's betrayal was a fluke, and wouldn't be repeated......
"Yeah. I'm fine," I smiled.
So that had to go back tonight .. .. how much time have we wasted between Good Friday and now!!!! WAY TOO MUCH!!! GRRR!!!
If not, you’re losing money to your competition.
What is critical about these drawing skills is to use them to help remind all in the room of the discussion that took place and allow people to review them at their leisure during the communication. Also, their value is in the storytelling of the experiences and touch points with end users and consumers. It gives you something to capture and share at the end of a meeting that helps everyone remember some of what was discussed, more than just a bullet list of notes. I always try my best to do more drawing in meetings and I think all designers should have the skills to draw what they are talking about as part of the communication process.
I don't like looking at chemtrails, I've always had a bad feeling about them, the reason being the high potential we are witnessing the ongoing anthropogenic battle for control of Nature. It bothers me to see something so obvious be ignored and denied. They illustrate perfectly for all to see, the vast void of respect westernized humanity bears toward the natural world preferring to throw its full support into a broken system. And chemtrails are ugly, far too Jackson Pollack binging on jet fuel for my taste.
Estate – A council estate is an area of social housing provided by the local government. About to be abolished by current British government as far as I can see. But you can also have an estate of private housing.
Website Design Theme: Corporate
Aug 29th - Albuquerque, NM taught by Jennie Black - Open to stores & designers
Article 69
I don't have many followers on Twitter and am guessing like any other social networking one has to follow people to get followed.
This weeks challenge was selected by yours truly!
You, of course, know me as Frogmama. Until recently, I’d been using the pen name for pretty much everything. But it conjures up all kinds of weird images: a small human, for example, with an enormous amphibian head. A head so large that the poor frogwoman can’t stand up without falling over. That bothers me. One can’t parent if one can’t hold up one’s head.
Him being a table setter for the four power hitters behind him (Brennan Boesch, Cabrera, Fielder and Delmon Young) will make the Tigers offense that much better. And it could be one of the big keys in helping the Tigers accomplish their goal of bringing a World Series title back to Motown.
2. The Point of No Return
Father: Unknown
Change is coming. We’re seeing some of it now, with new personnel in position in the strength and conditioning program. What other changes to come remain to be seen. But we need to see something.
Senator Nick Xenophon : i think Prof Fernando made a point, we watched the tv news last night , umm, we saw more, there was 30 seconds of coverage … nothing of what ,one of the biggest demonstrations in Malaysian history, we spent more time seeing Prime Minister Najib having a cup of tea and banana fritters in what was it..in Sabah, rather than one of the biggest and most significant political expressions in Malaysian history.
Adam was lonely
I totally forgot to write a blog post last night. I usually do it on Sunday nights and it never crossed my mind last night. I was all set to watch the Amazing Race and the season finale of the Good Wife (which we have discovered in the last couple months is a great show) and I forgot!
Death to pride.
Now, I have a hard time focusing on just one project at a time so I also re-organized the nursery, my closet, and one of the attic closets. :) But I didn't take before pictures of those. Oh well. I may dedicate a post to the reorganizing of our room...
“Sexual desperation in married men: Cognitive and moralistic impairment in online and in-person environments”
After that we checked out La Purisima Mission outside Lompoc (pictures below not mine) and then visited the southern end of the Pismo San Dunes at Oso Flaco before getting to SLO.
Also, it's easier on us to ride them because of this reason. Those big heavy thick spines that horses (and similar animals) have don't have a lot of flexibility. When you look at a horse running, the spines stays relatively level and straight. That makes for a much smoother and comfier ride for the passenger.
Even when he's telling Grandma to back off.
Lest we forget: the people are the boss. We deserve to know whether our candidates are actually representing their party, or just there to party.
This is an important insight for us to sit up and take notice of. You see, in the Beatitudes, Christ tells us about the inward and personal character of his followers – the real counter-culture. Then he makes an important shift that I want you to notice. He tells us that it’s impossible to follow the norms of the Kingdom – to be his followers in the world – in a purely private way. Donald Carson writes:
Adieu, there is nothing that I will not brave for your sake; you deserve much more than that.
Teacher Appreciation is next week and it's a great opportunity to show some appreciation and thank those wonderful teachers who spend their days enriching the lives of our kids. I've rounded up a few of my favorite gifts we've given our teachers in the past and a few new ideas to inspire you.
This movie can best be described as Deliverance for teen girls. Secrets, friendship, survival, and morality are the main themes in both films, while fighting the fears brought on by the natural environment. Two lifelong friends, upper middle classers Ruth and Debbie, take their new, wilder friend Kate to Ruth's parents' cabin along the continental divide for the weekend. It's been 8 years since anyone's been to the cabin. Eight years ago, two girls in the "neighborhood" of wealthy cabin-owners were murdered by a man who was never caught, leaving the families afraid the murderer was lurking in the forest all that time.
Once you decide to sell your property, add some energy efficient updates to increase the interest of buyers. If you install certain items, such as outdoor solar-powered lights, an energy monitor, and LED bulbs, then a larger number of people may be interested in your home due to the savings they can receive without having to purchase these items on their own.
Over the past several years Blue Foundation has expanded their audience, embracing both the underground and the alternative mainstream. Along with the “Twilight” saga and “Miami Vice,” Blue Foundation's music has been featured on various TV series, including "The O.C.," "So You Think You Can Dance," "CSI:Miami," and "The Cleveland Show."
Forgive my blindness,
Has the Green Party lost the plot?
SEPTEMBER 1995
Thank you for doing so much to educate people regarding God’s Law. I have learned a great deal from your show, and try to share that knowledge with as many people as I can.
On March 19, 2011, President Obama, an African Descendent, left a “Bitter Taste” in Brazil, a nation of color, by launching an unjust unilateral aerial assault against the African sovereign nation of Libya [7] solely in the interest of Africa’s former white supremacist murderous colonists responsible for plunder of the mother country’s resources and slaughter of millions. President Obama’s justification to attack Libya because of an imminent “humanitarian threat” to innocent civilians was and remains a cold hearted vicious and outrageous fabrication, deception and war crime.[8]
8. Sol Crepuscular (3:50)
But now over breathing and dreams.
Second topic. I’m not a huge Oprah fan and shy away from anyone that is self-serving. But she has this series with Anthony Robbins that I have been watching about identifying and changing your story.
I leave you with this item that I translated from Vatanparvar, the entertaining organ of the Uzbek Armed Forces (16 September 1995, p 4).
I’m a wreck because
This is a rustic salad, the basic premise of which is to use up stale, leftover bread - I love dishes which come about in this way. The bread is soaked to soften it, then it is crumbled through the salad. In Tessa's recipe she begins by cutting up tomatoes, putting them in a colander, sprinkling with salt, and standing for a while to allow the juice to drain away. She then goes on to soak the bread in water. Why, I thought, soak bread in water when you are draining off all that beautiful, flavourful juice from the tomatoes. "Two birds, one stone" - I drained my tomatoes in a colander set over a bowl containing the bread cubes. Tessa includes celery in her recipe which I omitted, and I added in a few extras - roasted red peppers (wish I'd used yellow actually, just because the colour contrast would have looked prettier), garlic, capers and black olives. I'm sure there are plenty of other things you could put in this, though I would say that bread, tomatoes and basil are the critical ingredients and most importantly, do not even contemplate making this with anything less than tomatoes picked at the height of the season - out of season, hothouse tomatoes will absolutely not do for this.
The plan is to meet up in the Spring but maybe we may be able to meet up for Thinking Day in London -maybe even be lucky enough to get tickets to to Westminster Abby for the service - fingers crossed.
1 tablespoon brown sugar
Oppression – Equality
I ive on Eastern Long Island, NY and teach English/Special Education. I am wife to a wonderful husband for 23 years. I am mother to Tim, stepmom to Stacey (husband Phil) and proud "Nana" to Chloe and Jake. My mother taught me to crochet when I was a young girl and it continues to bring me great joy. She also introduced me to quilting years later. My interest in papercrafts began about 7 years ago when I took a rubber stamp class at my local library. From that moment on, I became completely and totally addicted to cardmaking and rubber stamping. I must say that of all three passions, papercrafting is the one that I love the most. My craftroom is truly my sanctuary! I am very blessed to have such a supportive family, inspiring teachers, and wonderful friends with whom I share my love and creative expression. I am currently, and proudly, a design team member for Just Inklined, Stamptacular Sundays and Fashionista Challenge Blogs.
They live out a religion… and not a relationship with an ever present God.
As a Philosopher I must ask can a quick bio of anyone truly exist? Can any anyone be summed up in a few words?…. Frankly, no. So with that in mind I would say I’m a swordsman, a scholar, a libertine, a dilettante, a writer, and an artist. Except I don’t have the money to be a dilettante, and as for being a libertine, well the chance would be a fine thing.
It’s when the van comes to an abrupt stop that Shannon makes the connection that this is the van that the New World Power is using to come after her. It’s also at this point that the other New World Power members begin to cross the street. But as they do, Shannon heads into the buildings on the other side in an attempt to make it to another alleyway. The driver of the van follows Shannon’s progress and notifies his fellow New World Power members on where to go. With this information, the two of them make their way after her, eventually making it into another alleyway. Upon reaching it, they find it deserted with no sign of their target.
Vineyards could also sell to a retailer, such as a licensed liquor store, or to a wholesaler. The winery also would be permitted to ship up to 12 cases to any customer for personal consumption.
I like groups that feature Pyrex and sewing projects.
But how does one pay proper tribute to all of the great men and women that have contributed to the fantastic successes of the U.S. space program? Somehow, a few photos and a video from the NASA archives just doesn’t do it justice. You know, I was too young to remember when the Soviet Union launched Sputnik, and I’m embarrassed to admit that I can barely recollect the assassination of JFK, but I remember his speech were he announced America’s mission to put a man on the moon! Even though my resources were limited, I read and watched everything I could find about rockets and space travel. For more about that, take a look at my Environmental Impact post.
Add sweetener/flavoring: Blend again until smooth. You can enjoy it thick or add more filtered water to make it a lighter milk, strain it through cheese cloth/strainer.
Located one block from the Family History Library in Salt Lake City, Price & Associates is able to trace
3. There is a requirement to mitigate loss
Thinking of being a Worship Pastor/Leader? But what does God’s heart says about your call? Ever considered if your passion for worship may be of the right heart? Darlene Zschech is here to show you:
1: they had authors who were sending them query letters and they could actually find books within the pile that they could possibly sell to the publisher.
They’ll be howling and be growling as they drench it with their spray; -
11.DAvid Hasslehoff (famous in Germany for singing, i dunno how but i guess Germans have weird taste)
So here is our Baby Booth at the end of Day One... still so much to add and do, I have three boxes of goodies headed over today. But we've got a good base, just needs to be fluffed but that's the fun part.
If you’re interested in participating for April, please CLICK HERE to fill out the participation form and read the terms and conditions. You will also find contact information on that page for the UK branch of Foodie Penpals if you’re a blogger across the pond!
I wanted to drop off some cookies with friends and found I ran out of cards- so I whipped up a few CAS ones to have on hand.
From an official brochure covering construction of Connecticut Yankee (Westinghouse PWR) which was ordered in December, 1962 we find that this plant's reactor vessel was SA-302 Grade B with a 10-25/32 inch wall thickness, clad internally with 5/32 inch of 308 and 309 stainless steel. This vessel was 41 feet 6 inches high, and weighed 915,000 lbs dry. This plant's thermal output was 1825 MWt.
Imagine waking up in the morning dreading what's ahead. And then there's waking up in the morning believing it's a new day with brand new opportunity. Which would you choose?
Plus it's an excuse to make Cake!
Marcus Miller, T.M. Stevens on bass,
"Hey, sorry about that. I already had a drink at my friends house."
With an everlasting love, my precious child
Sentiments: Just Rite Stamps (front) & Stampin' Up (inside)
I prepared 3 different colors of frosting and 4 different kinds of sprinkles. You don’t need much sprinkles and I recommend putting each kind of sprinkles in a bowl with a spoon since otherwise kids would put too much on their cupcakes.
** Also, the slogan "I Like Big Bundts" cannot be improved upon. Go ahead and try, I dare you.
Birmingham City - £15,475,005
Today.. it’s the 4th day of Chinese New Year
“It’s a great opportunity for him to talk to young people, to students, about how this is really a debate about the economy and jobs and the need to stabilize the foundation of the economy and creating jobs and lessening the economic anxiety out there, felt by students.” — White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Thursday aboutr President Obama’s Town Hall at the University of Maryland
Paywalls, a certain amount of free articles per month, only letting readers access headlines if they don’t have a subscription, etc.
Today will be such an exciting day because we have the RA Banquet and the theme is hollywood. This means I am getting super dressed up today! On top of that my boss is working tonight and I made over one hundred cookies last night to bring around to public safety and the other RA’s that will be on =).
But Athelstan was too intent on other things to pay attention to his host; for, hanging on the wall at the end of the room, dwarfing the tawdry background of the Bloomsbury lodging house, was the picture he had come to see.
Maybe it’s an attempt to open your subconscious to the possibilities of life, including the possibility you might be interested in buying not one but two new sport utility vehicles during a single commercial break. Maybe it’s a subtle way of drawing you into the unfolding scenario, making you care about the hundreds of characters holding arrow signs over their heads while dodging midtown traffic and riding unicycles. Maybe it reflects marketing experts’ puzzlement at why anybody would buy their product, a roundabout way of asking “you don’t seriously want to buy this stuff, do you?”
We arrived at our venue exactly on time by subway. A lovely Irish pub called Dora Keogh's on Danforth Ave. in Toronto. It was tiny but the pints were excellent( and plentiful since I wasn't driving!)
My two sons were out walking their dogs a couple of weeks ago and this sweet little man got between them and walked home with them. Our oldest thought it was Buddy, a dog that gets out regularly but it was not.
One trend is the reprinting of books from over 40 years ago - John Burningham and more Golden Books for example.I love them - just hope it's not taking up space for new talent.
FIRKINS
All in all, I think I made up for yesterday.
I don’t know if Fredrik Erixon of the Brussels-based European Centre for International Political Economy is even close to being in the same league with Pierre and Allister, but he has a very good article that correctly explains that government spending and the welfare state are the real fiscal problems in Europe.
Hops have been grown in this area since around 700AD and so it made sense that Weihenstephan would enjoy a long and rich association with the region and with beer. Its beer history continues to this day. The brewery is now state owned and there is also a kind of Beer University attached as well as a restaurant and a library. Not the book kind, but the yeast kind. A veritable Aladdin’s cave of every conceivable strain of brewing yeast. I think that they may even do a kind of mail order yeast service for the big brewers.
I think her quilt shown below won. I dropped it off for the show, and a few of the workers went crazy when they saw her quilt. "Oooooh, the curves are gorgeous!" "I love the photo!!!!" "OMG, it's gorgeous!"
For me the challenges fall in the longer series. For me I have to rely heavily on notes in order to remember how things played out in previous books so I don’t write anything that would lend to a discrepancy. Not clouding the details is important.
lean left, push off, grunt, rise, stand, and low into the sway
A-Z Archive: J! Challenge…Java!
Robyn was so convincing. Her argument made some sense, or at least that what my brain was agreeing with as it forced me to nod my head, however jerkily it may have seemed.
changed into a Japanese-style robe and was ready to start preparing my
Lindsey Paveo, Somebody That I Used to Know – I’m a HUGE fan of this song, but I didn’t love her rendition. The creepy clown guys on stage with her confused me too. Adam told her that he felt she was missing the power in the chorus, and I think that’s accurate. She seemed mellow the whole time, whereas when Gotye and Kimbra sing the song, there are some intense moments. I liked Lindsey during the auditions and battles, but I wasn’t impressed tonight.
I'm just glad no one got sick, although, my mother told me to stop experimenting on the whole dinner and just set aside the experimental portion for myself! Some of my experiments were successful--like soy sauce and honey glazed fried chicken, delicious! Those became a family fave. Others were failures--like cocoa flavored pancakes--awful! Just gawd awful! I learned that unsweetened cocoa powder is not the same as chocolate powder! It was bitter, salty and not sweet at all! The only thing worse than my cocoa pancakes were the soy sauce pancakes! Even the dogs refused to eat them!
This post is a little strange and hard to write. It's not even really a review, more just a tale about my experience with Victorian Disco Cosmetics. To cut a long story short, I had a really negative experience with the products I was sent for review. However, the owner Ashley has been really sweet and receptive to my feedback, and has already started overhauling some of the shades I had issues with. So while I'm about to detail the bad reaction I had to these shadows, I'm hoping the changes Ashley is implementing will ensure that nobody else has a similar experience to mine.
“If you’ll be the striker, I’ll ring to the sky.
IN AN OCEAN OF PRAISE , AND ON THE WINGS OF A SONG
REPUBLICAN SENATOR JIM DEMINT…
Either way, it's hopeless.
2. Beard
The gang goes to Vegas episode didn’t really pan out. There was never really much in the way of jeopardy here and other than serving to bring Lorne back to LA the episode had no effect on any previous plots or future ones.
Don’t dream of a peaceful solution,
MORGAN: You have two daughters. You have many granddaughters. If one of them was raped — and I accept it’s a very unlikely thing to happen — but if they were, would you honestly look at them in the eye and say they had to have that child if they were impregnated?
This issue is supposed to be highlighted long time ago, if I can recall it was before Eidul Fitr last year (2009) because I still remember I have voiced it out radically during discussion among my family members. But, what saddened me and of course a shame to lots of people when nobody is eager to talk about this issue especially the opposition leaders. Why? Don’t they are the one who are extremely fighting against corruption? Or do they think if this is related to their colleague, they are not suppose to comment?
When Peter arrives at Cornelius house, he has a realization at that moment of what the dream meant as we read in verse 28, “You know it is against our laws for a Jewish man to enter a Gentile home like this or to associate with you. But God has shown me that I should no longer think of anyone as impure or unclean.”
YANP: Do they choose composers that they would be interested in performing or do you suggest, um…
Food in my family has always been an expression of love. I don’t recall hearing the words “I love you” as a child, but I didn’t have to be told as it was obvious with a glance at the dinner table. My mother, convinced that pre-packaged foods were a toehold into deviant behavior that would lead to paper-plate usage and a laissez-faire attitude toward making one’s bed, served full meals every evening.
DW: Wow!
To get from Work to Grocery Store, employees must cross this busy road.
"Revolution! The Atlantic World Reborn" opens this Friday, Nov. 11, as the first exhibit in NYHS's newly renovated building at 170 Central Park West. It will be on display until April 15, 2012, when it will travel to venues in the UK and France.
Almighty and supreme God,
The first thing I noticed about the menu at Tiger! Tiger! was how much it looked like the menu at one of my favorite places to eat - the Hog Island Oyster Co. in San Francisco (at the Ferry Building.) They're not using Heath Plates and you're not looking out over the San Francisco Bay, but the front side of the simple menu offering oysters on the half shell, a clam and corn chowder, Oysters Rockefeller, and a few simple artisanal salads rang some bells in a good way.
some G (spot) force
And if you didn’t have enough money, Morris would let you slide and pay him another day. Or he would even break an ice pop in two pieces, if you only had a nickel. Just the gentle kindness of a man who drove an ice cream truck and knew all our names.
size: 5x7 inches
For the dressing place 2 jalapeno peppers- roughly chopped with seeds, 1 T chopped ginger, 1 T chopped garlic, 2 T sugar, 4 T gluten free soy sauce (La choy), 4 T lime juice in a food processor and puree until smooth. Then slowly pour in 1 1/2c canola or vegatable oil in a slow, steady stream into the mixture while the processor is running. Fold in 1/4 chopped cilantro and add salt and pepper to taste.
"QR Codes are barcodes for information. Using your free QR code reader I want you to figure out what kind. You have 7 minutes to figure out what is encoded in these secret messages taped up on the wall. Go!" Step 4: Learning to Use QR Codes
Little Joe never once gave it away
I have often said that I am against the Shiization of Sunni communities, but that I defend Iran’s right to possess nuclear power for peaceful purposes, and that I will fight anyone who fights it. After all, Iran is an Islamic country, and we are happy that it is strong. It should reassure its neighbors, as we have often heard it say that its power is not directed against the Arabs.
I am grateful for daily text messages that brighten my day.
Making sport with my emotions
Maybe I'd let it runs few minutes longer, until I'd finished drinking my water.
Peer Helping Assignment #5 due by the end of today.
Question the power of such a website?
Mmmm. I’ll make pierogies for dinner. Oh, and I need diet Pepsi. Mmm… salty and sweet. Just one more bag. Last time. Really. Last time.
This is a lot of fun to discover new things about our camera! There is more to discover about the camera and some specifics as to how we can get the best out of them. Stay focused; we will capture some more details later this week!
Thank you to Log Cabin for sponsoring my post about updated traditions in my household. To learn more about Log Cabin Syrups (which are all free of High Fructose Corn Syrup), breakfast for dinner, and other new ways to update traditions in your home, click here.I was selected for this sponsorship by the Clever Girls Collective, which endorses Blog With Integrity, as I do.
Handicraft: This long history workshop has provided worldwide artists and dancers with top dragon and lion dance costumes for over 120 years. This dragon dance costume is well handmade by the finest traditional craftsmen of this workshop.
On paper Sheffield Wednesday have a nice fixture, they are at home to already relegated Wycombe who have nothing to play for, however knowing Wycombe as I do as I have followed them closely they are a proud bunch and will fight tooth and nail to end their campaign on a high.
In 1944, Powell was cast in the first of a series of films noir, as private detective Philip Marlowe in Murder, My Sweet, directed by Edward Dmytryk. The film was a big hit and Powell had successfully reinvented himself as a dramatic actor. He was the first actor to play Marlowe—by name—in motion pictures. (Hollywood had previously adapted some Marlowe novels, but with the lead character changed.) Later, Powell was the first actor to play Marlowe on radio, in 1944 and 1945, and on television, in a 1954 episode of “Climax!”
Okay, so Steve’s idea was better, and this probably isn’t the greatest idea, but it did work for about 2 minutes, which was 2 more hand-free minutes that I wouldn’t have had before.
pretend I was somewhere else.
Do they belong to a denomination? Can you write a piece for the denominational publication?
I just folded up a piece of baking paper and popped a Strawberry Shortcake sticker on (seemed appropriate to the contents, which were fresh strawberries). Two fitted in, and I popped a third one underneath the bag.
903 comments
Liquid Pearls: Viva
Jeremiah 29:11 For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the LORD, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
Though that fundamental sweetness and generosity of spirit was there at 22, it was not ALWAYS there in those years. There was a cynical side as well, a restless loneliness about John, as he tried to assimilate what it would mean to eventually lose his sight-- and at the same time resist letting that define him.
I just created a family memory keeper.
Image: The Crafty Pad - Roshell Friends with Basket
Korean - The fried food thwuk it drops send with my finger to leave
This collection has a summery, beach-y feel, but can definitely be used on more than just those types of projects. And don't you just LOVE the colors in the collection!?! Yellow seems to be one of my favorite colors to use lately.
“I am sorry for your troubles,” said Ashe firmly; “but we are wandering from the point. What is a wand of death?”
Author: Kate Morton
Only a few lucky people can climb the corporate ladder, my friends. Like my man Flavor Flav said: Don't believe the Hype. We are all working bees. Yes, I do have my own studio, I do make my own rules, still, I am a worker bee just the same. If you are naive enough to believe that even if you start up your own business you will stop living in the ad cycle, you are mistaken. You would have to hit the jackpot so damn hard, you would need to dedicate years and years in order to have a chance to be a real boss.
In honor of it being more than a year since any of us last posted, I thought I'd do a post. Also because I just got all my recipes typed up and saved onto my computer. And that makes it a whole lot easier to make a recipe blog. :) It has been forever since I even thought about making a post on here though. Does anyone even look at this blog anymore, I wonder? Ok, here ya go -- it is a recipe I got from my Kraft Foods magazine and it's actually so good. We love it. Fast, simple & still tasty. Hope you enjoy it.
No, my cottage is not a French chateau and to my knowlege, has no history of French heritage. In fact, she sits 4300 miles from the French countryside, built from lumber that was hewn by hand, on-sight, from trees that were cleared from the hillside almost 100 years ago. She has housed several families and undergone several REnovations--some good, some bad! But she is filled with a history of hard working people who raised their families to have strong work ethics, strict morals and a desire to contribute to the growth of their community and to society. They desired what I--like you, desire--a home that bids all to enter, "sit a spell", and put a great distance from the hustle and bustle of LIFE!
I don'tknow what else to sat. there is some evl in this world. There are children that will tesify to: 'They tortured my penis...' and girls' that say: 'they ate mah clit...'...Evil, horrible cannibalistic shit; shit beyond the survival I believe, shit beyond occult, routine, occult/routine?....Be you sacrificing yir foxes or yir orphans I am pulp-palp-In
has left this
"I took this photo a couple of weeks ago when I went to Hebden Bridge for the day, the graveyard is in a nearby village called Heptonstall. A lot of the little trinkets and things that people leave of her grave seem to have been moved which is sad. There’s a really old cemetery next to this one with a beautiful old ruined church that I’ll have to put some pictures up of eventually. It’s the loveliest little village with the most amazing views, if you ever happen to be in Hebden Bridge I suggest you pop up and have a look."
And he moved the seventh string from his harp crying out and saying: The mountain of God is the mountain of Bashan; A mountain of many peaks is the mountain of Bashan (Ps. 68:15)
- Will my partner be strong enough to walk this path with me despite everything?
ISBN-13: 978-0736945790
Voters in France elected Francois Hollande as president May 6 after he pledged to soften austerity measures backed by his predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy, while Greece was thrown into another stage of turmoil after elections split parliament between pro- and anti-bailout parties with no clear winner.“
rate and lasts much longer. That combination makes it perfect for icing good
Artisans:
Today, is our Anniversary. We are romantic old fools and I did not want Dear Hubby to be able to forget this most important day. TWENTY-FIVE years today and still loving every minute (almost) of our time. He is my best friend and my love. We have done so much and so much more to do. Great plans for this year and early next year. We are avid campers (RV'ers) and are now planning our "Bucket List" trip for next Winter to Louisiana and the South. Cannot wait. I need to plan everything out precisely as we will be leaving from up North in December to travel first to North Carolina to spend Christmas with the family and then to Florida to visit with friends and, drumroll please, then to Alabama and Louisiana along the Gulf of Mexico. The most challenging part is when we start back North in February. Finding campgrounds open in the Winter and praying for no snow is going to take a lot of planning.
Walked in Line
The bunch of bananas: (having done nothing since monitoring began in June - See previous blogpost here) has suddenly put on a growth spurt. No need for a photo as it still looks identical, only with fatter bright green bananas. The tree, however has fallen over. We suspect it was already weak, and has been jumped on just one too many times by baboons... Despite propping it up, it seems to be suffering from some type of waterlogging and looks very ill. We are considering harvesting the bunch, in case the tree does not make it. Hopefully the fruit will then ripen in a baboon free enviromnent, controlled by us!
Shabangu denies ownership of ICD offices - 23 Nov
I did think the change of Yoda from hand puppet to CGI was welcome . Though it remains to be seen whether this happens in the original films! Stop tinkering George!
The story really focuses on his spouse (Adèle) and her lover, Charles Sainte-Beuve. It starts out in Sainte-Beuve’s voice and we get to see the affair unfolding from his point of view. Then we read Adèle’s feelings about her infidelity and the unhappiness in her marriage, despite having four wonderful children. We learn how the lovers accept each other’s personal tragedies and why their relationship lasts as long as it does (including why the affair is beneficial to the both of them). There is such a sadness that cannot be expressed between them, concerning the impossibility of sharing a life together.
SONG JY, PARK CW, JEONG HW, CHEONG HJ, KIM WJ, KIM SR. Effect of a hospital campaign for influenza vaccination of healthcare workers. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2006; 27: 612-617.
The sequence I scrubbed up was ultimately forced to walk the plank in editorial but I'm proud to have a credit on this hilarious film. Go see it- it's a barrel of larfs!
Today’s Adventure:
My Skype informed me
Teenage Dream is there too, just because it's my favorite.
Firehouse
And ‘vanished as if the fairies had taken him’. His men and his captain searched for four days, while rumours ran wild about the countryside that Davies had been killed by Duncan Clerk and Alexander Bain Macdonald. But no body was found…
For bloggers, of course, the character of Duncan is a particularly compelling one as he is an example of what might be if we get a little too carried away with all this reviewing nonsense. His attempts to become an authority on something most people have moved on from long ago have eaten away at his personal life like a cancer, sabotaging his relationship and effectively stifling his career. His efforts backfire when he attempts to be too clever with his review of Crowe's acoustic album, and...
Ate lobster with my mom for mother's day.
06. Sneaky Neighbours feat. Timbuktu
Saturday - Elements
The little man looking letter is a person with his hands raised; meaning to reveal or behold what comes from.
Published: 2011/11/28 07:27:09 AM
Thoroughly refreshing myself during holidays is a source of energy. I had a WONDERFUL time with my friends. Thanks!!!
II. The Current Crisis.
Location: London, Earth
But perhaps not. I know there are angels watching over the pilots as they fly. If I were a pilot, I'd want this hanging on my wall, too.
The submission is dated 14 November 2011, and does not appear in the official list of submissions (as far as I can see, let me know if it is there) and deals precisely with the issue in question: namely, to what extent the Commonwealth has the power to regulate traditional and new media.
Amit Goswami: The current worldview has it that everything is made of matter, and everything can be reduced to the elementary particles of matter, the basic constituents—building blocks—of matter. And cause arises from the interactions of these basic building blocks or elementary particles; elementary particles make atoms, atoms make molecules, molecules make cells, and cells make brain. But all the way, the ultimate cause is always the interactions between the elementary particles. This is the belief—all cause moves from the elementary particles. This is what we call “upward causation.” So in this view, what human beings—you and I—think of as our free will does not really exist. It is only an epiphenomenon or secondary phenomenon, secondary to the causal power of matter. And any causal power that we seem to be able to exert on matter is just an illusion. This is the current paradigm.
I was visiting with a friend last night and sharing stories of adventures in India. It was an adventurous time for me when I was there. I had no real plan and I had bought a one way ticket with no itinerary, no time constraints, no schedule, and was traveling alone. I remember when I was getting ready to leave several people asked me, “aren’t you scared?” Some people thought I was crazy to travel across the world to a place I’ve never been, alone. I though, was excited. The closer the date came the more I felt alive. As I flew across the ocean and the hours and miles began separating me from home I felt the excitement grow exponentially. I also felt fear of the unknown. I had no idea what to expect. I had no idea what life would bring to my feet when I landed. As I felt the fear of the unknown I also felt that the more we jump into the unknown the more alive we become. I was alert, present, conscious, on my toes, so that I didn’t miss a beat. I felt like my full being was completely immersed in the experience and my mind was silent because it had no comparison to relate the experience too, so all analyzing, criticising, and judgement stopped.
Personally, I'd rather lay out his clothes. I like putting outfits together, and he does have nice clothes. He just can't figure out what goes with what.
We were all so pleasantly surprised! It was rich tasting and had a heavy creamy after taste, but both my sister and I agreed it didn’t leave our stomachs feeling heavy like a traditional Alfredo usually would. Although it isn’t healthy by any means, it might be a small step up due to the lower fat content and lack of animal fats. Who knows… I’m no nutritionist. I’m sure about one thing though: it definitely earns top marks in the flavor department!
I wanted to share selected exerpts from the preface of The Pursuit of God, written June 16, 1948. See his insight just as it exists today:
3. Explaining the Normative: Value Vs. Correctness
The risky trade was put on by former New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine, a former Goldman Sachs Group chief executive. Last year, Corzine was saying Wall Street investment banks had taken on too much risk in the months leading up to the financial crisis. On the lecture circuit Corzine was calling for tighter regulation of Wall Street, even while his firm was borrowing more and more money to bet on some of the riskiest European debt. A Corzine representative declined to comment. (link.reuters.com/xad25s).
I did not abandon them. I did not walk away. I listened to my heart and then made the heartrending decision to live apart from them so their lives would be more stable and so they would be happier. It was a responsible choice and it was what is working for my family but I don’t wish it on anyone. I wish there was more support for families.
You write vividly and engagingly in a first person pov as your main character Tiff. Did you use memories of how you were at that age or did you get feedback from girls of Tiff’s age?
I think packing up to move to a new city and working at something while you achieve your true dreams is commitment. A huge commitment. Once you get to the City there are a lot of opportunities available to those who are searching for jobs in publishing. Both NYU and Columbia have publishing programs. I'll let others comment on the usefulness of those. I don't think they are at all necessary (I know more people who did not do those than did), but I understand they can be good for networking.
Just for the record I do think families and communites have been destroyed in this country - and I do think immigration and multicult have had a massive part in this destruction, But not the only part.
Although several groups called themselves “Illuminati” in the past, the most influential and memorable of them was the Bavarian Illuminati. Founded on May 1, 1776, the organization created by Adam Weishaupt blurred the line between “spiritual” and “political” Secret Societies. By mixing the occult sciences of Freemasonry and Rosicrucianism while conspiring to achieve precise political goals, the Illuminati became an actor on the world stage. While most Secret Societies of the time catered to rich people and their fascination with occultism, the Bavarian Illuminati actively sought to profoundly change the world.
"Tell that bully to back off Black Pudding".
I know, some of you might be saying, "but Susan, this happens all the time! People are always finding letters not delivered from 70 years ago, etc. " That's not the point - yes, it does happen. It's the connection, the proximity of one event to the other, that matters. The link I instantly felt. It's like the universe is saying yes, I'm writing what I am supposed to be writing, right now.
Another hamburger find on Etsy:
After that whole thing, Rachell LEFT ME D: Hahaha.
Model: A1264-0000-10-05
The Idiot basked in the glow of a great and almighty victory over his clueless Father. Surely this joke was the joke to end all jokes and the elder Idiot would soon be clamoring for a peace and surrender summit that would be held outdoors on the patio of the local Taco Bell eatery.
While he was thrashing around in the dark they quietly circled. They had picked up his scent, and the sweet aroma of flesh drew them to him like a beacon. It had been days since they had eaten, and their shrunken stomachs rumbled in pain. With cold precision they closed in on him, flanking him on all sides. Their need to eat was a primal lust, it took precedent over, sleep, warmth, procreation. It had become their singular driving force these past few days. Prey had become scarce, and they were getting desperate.
If you refer a customer to me and they purchase a car, I will send you $200!
There was a lady there waiting where her mother and she saw that I was having a hard time breathing. So she asked one of the front desk helper for a glass of water. I was when she surprised she brought it over to me. I thanked her very much for the water I needed it very much. As she and her mother were leaving she came back over to us and gave us both a mint.
7. If your dream has become a nightmare, it’s time for a new one.
I'm surprised to have been reminded a lot about how gullible the public is when it comes to the rubbish the media decides to throw in their face. Really, it's the farthest reaction I expected! Nevertheless, the book maintains its cuteness, although I'm also surprised that at some points the narrative seems to settle a little for the older adults. I adore both Charlie and Fielding's voices - they are superbly accurate. Fielding's thoughts, emotions and reactions are of a typical male's, while I can vouch that Charlie's are characteristically female. It was wonderful to see how these two blend together in shedding Jenna and Jonah and resurface as Charlie and Fielding. All those talks about Jenna and Jonah had me wanting to read more of their tv series - I would have easily been a fan of that also!
This week’s Dancing With the Stars was called “Story Night”, where the stars were given the chance to choose a song that meant something special to them, and use the song and the accompanying dance as a vessel to tell a story. It’s a fun idea, and it’s always interesting to see what the pros come up with.
There are also other credit cards out there that give you points when you use them to purchase things. One of the main ones I use is my Chase Freedom card. I get 1% back for every purchase I made at the store. But because I also have a Chase bank account, I get an additional 10% on top of that 1% (1.10% total) and 10 points for each purchase. On top of that, every 3 months there are categories in which you can use your card on and you’ll get 5% instead. For example, for January through March, they could have gas stations and movie theaters as their categories. Each time you use your card in those places, you’d get 5% cash back instead of the usual 1% (up to $1500, after which will go back down to 1%). The one downside is that you have to sign up for the 5% categories every time they switch (so every 3 months, but it’s free). When redeeming points, you typically get $1 for every 1000 points. So $10 dollars for every 10000 points, which may seem like very little but it does add up after a few months.
The other is Deschutes Chainbreaker White IPA, and it's a polar shift. Much less cloudy, light and airy-looking, and much more wit-like in aroma; weird that the west coaster is less IPA-like, eh? Smells almost classically like a Belgian white: orange lacing (from the peel and the Citra hops?) around fresh coriander, with hints of grassy/piney hops in the back. Very refreshing as the spice and light malt whirl about in the mouth, the orange lofting high on the palate, and finally coming to a finish where the hops do finally make a restrained full entrance. Quite the different execution, deftly delicate, and one that puts me in mind of a hot, dry afternoon in a hillside forest; pulling a sixer of this out of a cold stream would be a great interlude on such a day.
This is a wonderful introduction to what wind is and how it works. It even debunks the popular idea that air weighs nothing. Readers simply need a few materials (a plastic bag, a hanger, balloons, etc.) in order to conduct the series of basic experiments within the book. Between experiments, readers are offered explanations of how wind does what it does and how we experience it. The simplicity of the language combined with the great illustrations and easy-to-do science experiments make this book a wonderful resource for teachers and parents alike.
However, there are important alternatives for financing a Job Insurance program that should be considered – especially as we think of how to construct a jobs bill without triggering an internal struggle with our party’s “deficit hawks.”
diabetics must make to their diet and lifestyle habits cannot be a fad, they must be permanent and all-pervasive.
It is clear that you are not your mind, you change it all the time, but you are still you.
Initially, our nationwide literary competition – Undiscovered Authors – used to act as our in-house agent to source the majority of the works we published as DA Diamonds, and there are plans to revive this scheme in the future, so watch this space!”
Doreene
Have a wonderful Christmas Season my friends. I hope that I will be back more often now. IF I don't manage to be back before the New Year.. Let me send you Cyber Hugs my friends, and thank you for being a God-diven gift to me during this past year. I am truly Blessed with having you part of my lovely life! God bless you and your families!
These guys were tough-
4 oz currants, or failing that, raisins
Since you have worked so hard to get that traffic to your site and since most of them will never make a purchase from you or come back to your site, what do you really have to lose by trying to get them to sign up to your email list?
Unlike the scene 34 years ago when Jimmy and I cried and clung to our parents...HATING the idea of being stripped away from the comforts of our Moms & home!!
(770): Just applied online. Cant stop hiccupping. May be drunk. Hope they liked my smiley faces.
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT. BRUSSELS. South African farmers represented in the Transvaal Agricultural Union have lodged a formal genocide-complaint against the ANC-government for crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, announced TAU deputy-chairman Henk van de Graaf today..
What happens when you wake up in the 1700s, only to find out you're dead? Kind of... Um...Not so much...
So the question I have to ask is this….when does confidence become arrogance?
No tidying up for the photo this morning = this is as it is! I'm mid some DT work and also my Christmas cards so all sorts out and about! Been playing with shimmer paints on black card and various other things!
Mina"
In 1854 England became involved with the Crimean war, which again increased the demand for ships.
In other news,
Me: "Do you want the last hot dog?"
I recently received a multi-package of Crystal Clay* from the fine folks at Fusion Beads. It came with four colors of earthy resin clays, some crystals to imbed in the clay, and a channel bead* to cover in clay. While I am a die-hard ceramic lover, I always like to see what other kinds of materials are on the market, especially clay-like types of materials. This is a fun little packet that has a lot of potential.
There is a time when you and I will come face to face with Him. For me, as a believer, it will be at the judgment seat of Christ in the glory of Heaven. But if you do not know Him personally as Saviour, you will meet Him at the Great White Throne when He will say, “Depart from me, ye worker of iniquity.” (Luke 13:27.
It’s the same group. They’re the same Nazis. The same philosophy.
“There is only one difference between a bad economist and a good one: the bad economist confines himself to the visible effect; the good economist takes into account both the effect that can be seen and those effects that must be foreseen.”
List of Tables 4
Old Market Pub & Brewery
Yesterday was so crazy busy, every which way. So I hit the pool before chat with my boyfriend. I was tired, but in a good mood. By the time our conversation ended, I was irritated and no longer feeling good. That’s not a good thing. It’s starting to feel like he criticizes everything I say, and it didn’t used to feel that way. Is it just because he’s going through things? Even if it is, that’s not attractive. I suppose he’s feeling a loss of control over his life, lately, and that’s why he’s searching for ways to feel in control. But it’s not making me happy, and I don’t know how long it will continue.
REITs provide a genuine opportunity for the average investor to invest in property without needing to have significant capital at their disposal and without having to possess any specialised knowledge of property markets.
Homeland is a Showtime television series that has completed its first season. There are no spoilers here as I have not seen the whole run, yet. It is a political show that plays like a detective show. It is exciting but ultimately hackneyed and going nowhere.
Alexia is described as a proper Victorian young lady so she would be properly dressed in a late 1870s gown over a bustle. I initally got out my Victorian bodice pattern and started to alter it so it would extend lower on the hips the way you see cuirass bodices after about 1877. However, it became increasing clear that I would not be able to finish an entirely new dress in one week. At this point I decided to make a couple of new items and go with more of a steampunk look using items I already had. I started with a long black brocade skirt that I often wear for dressier steampunk, a short sleeved chiffon shirt that works well with underbust corsets, and what I call the Medusa corset. This is an underbust corset I made to wear for Halloween as part of a medusa costume, it is constructed of garment weight black leather and a shinny copper/green lizard skin-effect plastic that comes in approximately 6 inch wide strips. I have no idea what the original use of the plastic was, but I got it at the bolt end fabric store in my neighborhood in several differnt colors/effects. The new pieces are a draped green overskirt, the addition of green lace on an existing top, and a parasol like the one described in the book.
One of my biggest battles was and on a certain level is reacting negatively when being criticized. While I’ve learned that this may be the price to pay with regards to personal growth, and as a result have learned to control myself and not “defend” myself and stay at peace. I still tend to keep my own counsel.
14.Every Man For Himself
Sun Xu will be attending a disciplinary hearing convened by NUS on 13 March where his fate will be decided. Education Minister Heng Swee Keat had earlier said the onus is on NUS to “investigate the matter and to take disciplinary action against Sun Xu if he was found to have flouted NUS’s code of conduct for its student.”
That night Milda made delicious home made fish and chips mmmmmm and then afterwards we headed back to Willingdon where there is a mini golf course. FUN fun fun!
By the way...has anyone ever told you that you sound like Kirstie Alley??
This was brief overview of Johnny and Associates. This is almost like a introduction post to more detailed posts that will be coming soon about Johnnys. I hope you enjoyed this and if you have any questions about Johnnys for the next “Johnnys Talk”, please email me at nihonchique@gmail.com.
Oranges and Sardines is full of these small pleasures, little associations that take you places, much like O’Hara’s orange took him where he didn’t think he would go. But the show is also about doubt, about how shaky being an artist can be, how hard for an artist to justify their decisions in rational language or easy diagrams.
As pastor of senior adult ministries at South Henderson Pentecostal Holiness Church, it is my honor to have both a church and community outreach through ministry in local nursing and retirement homes.
The article is accompanied by a survey of personal alcohol consumption and attitudes to alcohol, which contains so many tendentious and loaded questions that I declined to fill it in. You’re on a hiding to nothing, really – if you say you only drink two halves a fortnight, then minimum pricing will scarcely affect you, but if you drink two gallons a week then you’ll be portrayed as part of the problem.
The signs are there already.
“You claim you got clocked in the eye by a wristwatch-wielding fiancée,” the magazine wrote, charging that English was making a “laughingstock” of himself, according to Page Six.
inthebow: When you use whole eggs the whites cause it to thicken slower. Canned coconut milk is not recommended for the best results, unless you have no other choice.
2And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets.
In addition to these challenges, this tag also qualifies for a number of fabulous challenges ... please refer to the bottom of this post for the complete list. And for the down-low on all of the exciting product I used to create this tag, check out the Tag Ingredients, below.
The Deity of Christ (Theology in Community Series) ed. by Christopher Morgan and Robert Peterson is a clear call amidst the often confusing voices claiming to present the Jesus of the Bible and history. Amidst the quagmire of the ‘everyone Jesus’ and in a world where Jesus has been reduced to my homey and ‘BFF’, this book brings us back to the center of Christology. This book draws us to one of the most foundational attributes of the Jesus Christ the Son of the living God – his deity.
"Oh, that is house of the colonel under house arrest for the military crimes, did you not notice the guard box out front." he said. "What kind of punishment is that?" I replied, "Living in a house with that beautiful garden?"
Similarly he will bring together the politicians of all hues and cries by promising them mega bucks from their respective owners. This will foster a lot of healthy competition amongst the politicians as their prices and selection will depend purely on their performances, and not on any kind of muscle power. The party high command culture will make way for the board-room kind of culture as “shape-up-or-ship-out” will be the only motto that will come to determine the worth and usefulness of any politician worth his salt.
The other thing is that with sibling issues, it becomes more of a cumulative effect instead of just a single event.
Each week the team will vote on a TOP Lollipop CARD and that designer will
I really don't have anyone to talk to about it. Sanford is just as hurt as I am, so I don't bring it up. My mom just tells me that "God has a plan." And that hurts my heart even more because I am mad. Mad at God. Mad at the life I have been dealt. And I know I should let go of that anger. But it is hard.
It wasn't a bad plan. There are two of us, and we are both going to the same general area, at same times, on the same days.
The first time I called I got some guy who was completely exasperated at my utter ignorence on the subject of liquor licensing. He was ok excecpt for the fact that he couldn't keep his contempt for my stupidity out of his voice. His answers were short and if the answer to "Do I need this form?" was no, he never offered up what form it was that I needed. So then I'd ask. It was like tennis. It was draining.... For both of us I imagine... This lead me to hang up without asking one last question.
These replies to Spencer were actually pretty awesome!
I am doing plenty. But are they worthy enough to enumerate? Cooking, cleaning, grocery shopping, running errands, laundering and most importantly, I am making myself available to get my kids off the bus and asking that important question, ‘How was school today, guys?’ And then lending a patient ear!
Note to self, never attempt to review a whole company worth of products at once again.
Overall though I enjoyed the story. It is a somewhat comic look at a crazy society and at how an already complex problem (a murder) can become even more complex when society is so different from what we consider normal. A great read for those who love science fiction with a light tone to it. The illustration wasn't my favorite; lots of pastel colors and sometimes hard to follow...but it was okay. If you are a Jack Vance fan or a sci-fi fan I would recommend giving it a read through.
Rainbow Trout ESB
Let me tell you: you’re doing a great job. You’re beautiful and everything will be okay.
-An examination of how, as individuals, our personal habits have made us responsible for the mess we’re in, even though no one wants to admit or accept any blame for it; also, the way forward out it.
The torn tights and bruised knees didn’t spell quite the same damage as the time I wore my grandmother’s mink stole. ”Is that real fur?” enquired a guest at the bijou drinks do. “Was,” I retorted apologetically. Let’s just say the spirit of Christmas, much like my furry accessory, was not alive that night. Had I stayed at home in my fleece pyjamas watching George Michael warble to ‘Last Christmas’, I would have fared better. At least the house has an alarm.
Daniel Stern ("Home Alone") and Matt Frewer ("Eureka") put the cool in Yule in the Hallmark Channel Original Movie, Battle of the Bulbs. The film is about dueling neighbors whose Christmas decorating rivalry turns so outrageous, it puts the "no" in "Noel" for the small town sponsoring the annual fete. Hallmark Channel is the biggest holiday destination in television.
For the 23rd Annual Academy Awards, held on March 29, 1951, many nominees like Judy Holliday and Gloria Swanson remained in New York. Both Swanson and Jose Ferrer, starring in the Broadway comedy Twentieth Century, were nominated that year.
On a brighter note Alyson has found a good use for raw garlic. Garlic is both antibacterial and antiviral! Any time Alyson has a cough or a sniffle she chops a clove in half and swallows them like pills. Its cheaper and more natural that the capsules they sell in the store and it works well. But be warned it is still garlic and 1 or 2 days later you may smell it again, if you know what I mean….
Her daughter eventually got the outcome that felt right – but she is still getting over the events of the last six years. “She is still young and everything is raw for her. She hates the label ‘transsexual’. She is just a girl who happened to need the surgery to make her genitals right”.
The ancient ancestors of these dogs had not always been domesticated. They were wolves; they roamed and hunted, wild and free. But a change of heart had occurred somewhere down their blood line. The fierce nature of these erstwhile pack hunters seems far-fetched now.
That aren't always sound but other
Speaking to Kevin there’s no doubt that the old adage, “read, read, read, write, write, write, submit, submit, submit and never give up”, holds true.
Well done both of you!
In the first half of the 20th Century, classical film theory often wrestled with such questions as the nature of cinematic reality and perception, befitting the radically different nature of this new medium at the dawn of modernity. However, with the emergence of larger intellectual movements such as cultural studies, psychoanalytic theory, post-colonialism and so forth, theorists increasingly gravitated to issues of ideology and representation. Meanwhile, remarkable shifts in technological innovation and industrial strategies presented alternate media platforms which, by the end of the century, had gained as much cultural prominence as a film medium that was becoming increasingly digitized. This course serves as an advanced introduction into some of the major film and media theories developed since the 1970s. Significant attention will be paid to cinematic ideology and representation in relation to such issues as gender, race, authorship, postmodernism, genre, affect and cinephilia, as well as a sustained focus on developments in convergence and newer media (television, videogames and digital cinema). Since this is an advanced theory course, students will be expected to make a good faith effort to tackle complex ideas in class discussion and in assigned writings.
The LP is in good condition. It is not on CD.
She shoved his hand away. "Trust you? You are in love with her, and you're right, it is revolting. How can you keep up your duties like this? You're supposed to be against the Second Realm."
And yet I am not like the rest.
ARE YOU READY?
The definition of resistance is interesting: (www.dictionaryreference.com)
( a hat tip to My Number One Fan)
Now it would be an injustice if you leave the district of Nainital without visiting Nainital. Hence, out of respect and a lot out of cannibalising hunger (side effects of rappelling and climbing), we decided to take a slight detour to Nainital.
Jacob's meeting new people everyday. We are still trying to be a little bit cautious as we introduce him to small friends and our friends... he seems to take to the situation nicely, but bonding with Brad and I still seems like it's in progress. Once in a while he seems to take to people he doesn't know a bit too easily. He has been looking to each of us for comfort, which is fantastic. He really has started bonding very well... and we pray it only continues!
Doling out the charm
A campaign to create a new category of driving while intoxicated is being promoted at the Capitol as one way to curb growing problems in Texas’ system of punishing drunken drivers. Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo, among the supporters of the change, said the idea behind a new offense of “driving while ability impaired” — DWAI — would cover drivers whose blood-alcohol content is between 0.05 and 0.07.Of course, this is half the old limit (0.10). It seems that lowering it didn't solve the problem, so he wants to lower it again. Heck, why not save yourself another round of this game, and lower it to 0.00? The punch line, of course, is that nobody knows if the law would even work at all:
We were supposed to leave on vacation on Saturday. That may still happen if DH continues to recover. That is what DH and the urologist say. He is getting stronger each day but I just do not know how he will manage the airplane ride. We will see what he decides and how his recovery proceeds. If he could stand the travel itself then one might as well convaless in Puerto Rico at a seaside resort than here in Cold Cold NJ! Also, praise the Lord that his bathroom skills are pretty much normal today.
* Fear of a loss of status.
His weekend started with a little celebration at school, unfortunately I had school stuff to handle, so Daddy was awesome enough to take care of it.
It was time to make a decision. It was time to start looking at the real severity of the situation. It was time to wake up and face the awfulness that had been happening the measly few hours we were trying to save our basement. I started to take a closer look. I wasn't happy with what I was finding. Our baseboards were all swelling and corners were splitting. Doors were swelling. Furniture was cracking. Our fireplace was expanding. So was the rest of the furniture. It was ALL splitting and expanding! This was bad. Real bad.
As I said before, the West Ladies have really given us a vision as to what we could do with our little homestead and we are constantly striving to get our place in order. I would love to have our home garden be as productive and inviting as the West Ladies. You can tell they work hard and enjoy what they do.
Polymer clay ruining your polish? Use the quick dry polishes or the gel coatings in the nail salon.
Over time we've lost this process of acquisition. I read an article awhile back about Pink Floyd fighting Itunes over separating their songs into individual tracks. I can't remember if they won or not but I do remember being really struck by the concept. Remember when you had to buy entire albums? Hell, remember when skipping a bad song on a tape meant sitting there with your finger on fast forward? Stopping the tape in the right spot became a point of pride for me.
Probably the closest I'll ever get to being a published author. Certainly the closest I'll get to featuring in the same list as Mike Mearls! (He's 3 down and 1 to the left..) Heh.
Anne Sexton, Said the Poet to the Analyst
~ On the same day, a person at the South Pole would also see the sun skim the horizon, beginning six months of uninterrupted daylight.
This is how the Muse looked when they last met....maybe the lady should check Facebook, for sure she is whiling away time with those mindless games or the news rooms where she is flirting with the big boys.
Jason Richards, CEO, Vineyard Networks, said, “We were able to easily integrate our highly sophisticated suite of signatures and tools with the LSI Axxia network accelerator AXP3420 to deliver a high-performance application recognition product that meets our customers’ needs to analyze the traffic on their networks.”
What type of beer is it? I'd call it a Burton. A style that re-invented itself as a dark beer in the 20th century. Old Ale. You could call it that as well, if Burton doesn't appear your style lexicon. Or Strong Ale. The English have always been a bit vague - not to say downright inconsistent - in the naming of stronger beers.
I might as well throw them away.
22. Suzy & Los Quattro-Hank (B Core)
(Brooklyn, New York)— Council Member Letitia James is calling on Mayor Michael Bloomberg to ensure that all students who meet the academic criteria and apply to the schools of applied science at Cornell University and the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology— which will be located on Manhattan’s Roosevelt Island— not be denied admission due to financial hardship.
You don't need a recipe for turkey(the directions are printed on the wrapper)!
This is an oldish favourite of mine that I originally discovered through the 1992 film, starring Miranda Richardson and Josie Lawrence, and that I was prompted into re-reading by a blog post at Iris on Books about another of von Arnim's novels, The Solitary Summer
Lovecraft’s story, ‘The Cats of Ulthar’ (1920) is equally vague; leaving it up to the reader to believe whether the cats have supernatural powers or not. In the story, an old couple from the town of Ulthar delight in torturing and violently killing cats, but the townspeople are too frightened to do anything about it. One day a caravan arrives in town with a young orphan boy who owns a small kitten. The kitten disappears one day, and the child learns the story of the old couple. That night he offers a prayer, and the following day all the cats in Ulthar disappear. After the caravan leaves, the townspeople discover that the cats have returned, but the old couple have vanished, and upon searching for them, they discover their skeletons, picked clean, in their house. From that day on, the town of Ulthar decrees that no person may ever kill a cat again.
Every outcome we experience in life is the result of how we have responded to an earlier event (or events) in our lives.
Let me assure you, those who do not know me in real life, I am who I say I am: a relatively imperfect 31-year-old who nerds out about celebrities, movies, books and other fancies. I read obsessively. I study burlesque and yoga. I write YA fiction. I wear a lot of dresses.
01 Shake Dog Shake
If I'm lucky there may even be a little trinket for me!
Here is where we leave the known DDR4 world and enter into the realm of conjecture.
This making is for me. We are neither tomorrow yet
So what does this mean for the blog? At this stage everything will continue as it has. You may notice a few little changes but for the most part everything will stay the same.
I should always be generous and give feedback to other blogs but not use it for self-promotion.
The new year is here and with that, people begin to think about changes and improvements. It is a good time to do so. Many of us make resolutions or set new goals. So, lately I've been thinking more and more about the foods I eat. After all, diet and exercise is the basis for good health.
HartalMSM has got the DBP publishing standards, and it is clear that based on those criteria, Interlok should not have been approved – but it was. NIAT has shown that Interlok does not meet the Education Ministry’s textbook selection criteria, but yet it was approved.
Troi D: Why is Bill Murray so awesome?
3. Family prideChatting with a married Western man, you may need to wait hours before he mentions his wife. Chatting with a married Shanghainese man, you may need to wait hours before he stops talking about his wife.When a Shanghainese man begins dating, gets engaged or is having a baby, he blasts out the news to every single contact on his cell phone. For Shanghai men, enjoying life with family is far better than going it alone. Proud Shanghainese husbands take their wives to every event they attend, from school reunions to team-building exercises at work.
- Have a picnic dinner in the garden or on the living room floor
“No way,” said Dee.
~ Pan fry the fish bone and beans with a little oil until fragnant.
Do you think it will be hard to separate from the constantly growing number of bands with a comparable sound especially in Sweden?
“Mom?” I could barely get the word out.
For example. Almost everyone close to me has had a speeding ticket or an accident. I remember when I was 16 my friend had to do Traffic School for a speeding ticket. I jotted that down in my mind, "Stephanie...don't get a speeding ticket. That will suck." Then when I was younger a friend close to me stole something from the grocery store. $400 bucks down the drain for them. "Okay Steph...don't steal. It will suck." When I saw how bad my friend got hurt when crashing on a longboard, I decided to slow down. When I saw someone part their hair in the middle, I learned not to.
by Mark Duhamel
Hi again blog friends
I sickened, turned, and ran. The great slime kings
Life Key: Carry On, Only What You Need.
Né pour perdre
Aura Lewis And Full Experience - Full Experience
AA: What other stories in HTWWW2 have caught your eye?
Cycle ext (lengthening)
Coventry is a city which I know very well, though it is over a decade since I last visited it. It was an interesting trip down memory lane to the city famed for its 11th Century noblewoman who rode a horse naked through the city's streets in protest at punitive taxes imposed by her husband Leofric, Earl of Mercia. Bizarrely, he had promised to revoke the taxes if she did so.
Once we finally got the swing of things around here, and he was content for longer than a few minutes at a time, I began eating normal again. My body was like, "Whats this? Food? Heck yes! We're going to hoard this!" And I gained weight. Again. Like 10 lbs.
Isn't he just the greatest, most amazing guy! This time around, he has done most of this work by himself. I think he deserves a cookie!! He is working so hard to make this my dream come true home/farm.
Sadly, the birds are considered pests by the Orchard Road business establishments (I can imagine shop owners saying the Tippi Hedren line in Chinese!). I hope the city government could simply control the bird population and stop a step away from totally exterminating these warblers. The Orchard Road birds imbue this coldly commercial concrete jungle with the soulful sounds of a real jungle.
:P
I have heard that who ever the writer is, that he is a past priest or was familiar with the priest hood and the priestly system because of the priestly language, which we will stumble on many times through out this letter.
“It’s time for us to clean house,” he said.
In a televised news conference, the spokesman waved a warrant for Mr. Hashimi’s arrest in front of the cameras and played videotaped confessions of Mr. Hashimi’s body guards saying he was behind orders they received to kill government officials. The accusations were a tipping point in a widening rift between Mr. Maliki’s Shiite-led government and leaders of the country’s Sunni minority.
Today I have another freakily adorable DoodleFactory Ghoulie for you to drool over! And yes, the layout probably looks very familiar to you... same as my last post - I'm just loving these ruffles!! Little Miss Cort looks very dreary if I may say so, but I guess that's expected with the crummy weather we've been having lately... lots of rain... but the leaves are looking exceptionally gorgeous!!
How come we don’t all seem to follow the same code?
Neither of these came as a great surprise to anyone who’s been paying attention. THQ recently complained about their poor sales, both of their insane drawing tablet device and of their often terrible childrens licensed properties. They’ve been making cuts for the past 3 months, so this latest set of job losses further solidifies the impression that THQ aren’t in the best of health.
And I suspect that the new novel waiting to be told will reveal itself in new and surprising ways I never expected.
Also, another edge is in customization of guns and emblems. In Black Ops, you can create you own custom emblem from scratch and even put it on all of your guns. There is a lot more variety in colors and designs on your guns. Giving the player customization to make what they want, makes any game better.
Plain and simple, I want the opportunity to parent a girl child. I want the bows, the frills, the tea parties, the obnoxious Barbie shoes that will mingle with the legos in my life. And darn it, I'm tired of apologizing for that desire. I want a grown up relationship with my daughter, whatever that may be. I want to see things through her eyes. I want to be the mother of the bride. I want to watch my husband with a pink bundle. To watch him dance with her. To stop being excluded from Mother/Daughter lunches, spa days, and picture options. (not that I let those terms stop me. Those who know me, know I've shown up with a boy or two in tow to picture sessions and lunches).
"A decline in clinical research decreases the number of people the pharmaceutical industry can employ who are interested or have experience in doing clinical research," warned Narsai.
With a sigh Jessica flopped down on her bed and listened to the rain pounding down on the tent. The weather had been pretty good these last few weeks. Kind of like late spring. The rain had started up sometime during the night and showed no signs of letting up. She didn’t know what this tent was made out of but she had to give kudos to the craftsmanship. Despite the heavy rain it was snug and dry inside.
Mt. Victoria (11,785') in Frisco. Didn't start until 7pm, so most of the climb was in very dim to no light and the run/walk descent was entirely by the light of my headlamp. Bailed on the Peak 1 ascent goal because I wasn't sure of the route above Mt. V, and it was completely dark.
Do I want the good news or the bad news? As long as Laurence is reading it, I don't much care.
A woman is someone who has to be courageous – when the man she is with cannot be the man he is supposed to be for her.
:: Two Year Anniversay :: I can hardly believe that Oli and I have been married for 2 years, which means we've been together for 8 years! We celebrated by going to Pantages Theater and seeing the musical "Phantom of the Opera". It was beautiful. What a blessing it is to be utterly in love with your husband after so many years! I love you Oli.
Who? Bastille—London-based band with Dan Smith as a frontman
Regarding Jews, I admit they are treated favorably, though I maintain less favorably than other minorities. (See my post on the Hierarchy of Entitlement, for example.) I agree that this should not happen, and that there are many false accusations of anti-Semitism made (including against me). I agree that false accusations of anti-Semitism should stop. But you still claim I’m showing favoritism toward Jews, I suppose because you believe that Jews belong at the top of my Hierarchy of Entitlement. So in your mind, I’m denying that MMRILS applies to Jews, but I maintain that I’m not.
Azuma tweaks this model for understanding symbols and narrative in his database model. While Ōtsuka argues that the grand narratives of shows like Evangelion are given weight by their relevance to real-world grand narratives (such as nation and history), Azuma believes otaku narratives are almost completely removed from those of the real world. In the opening chapter of Otaku, he states, “In otaku culture ruled by narrative consumption, products have no independent value; they are judged by the quality of the database in the background.” Thus, although an otaku might be familiar with Ayanami Rei’s age and bust size, be able to quote her dialog, and expound on the quality of various plastic models made in her likeness, he is not invested any larger worldview or grand narratives that may be encompassed by Neon Genesis Evangelion. Instead, the otaku mines the series for information to plug into a mental database that also contains information on similar shows. Because of the absence of the emotional pull of grand narratives, the otaku can substitute one element of his database for another. The light blue hair of a young female character such as Hoshino Ruri from Martian Successor Nadesico or Tsukishima Ruriko from Droplet effectively is the light blue hair of Ayanami Rei. For otaku, grand narratives are nothing compared to the “animalistic” appeal of a character’s cute face or slender waist. Tropes can therefore be transferred from one story and character to another, as can an otaku’s emotional investment.
Our researches into Musa Aman’s management of Yayasan Sabah corroborates the information that the Chief Minister has been ‘maximising the squeeze’ on Sabah’s remaining forest areas to get as much logging done as possible. We have numerous examples of formerly protected areas being handed out in concessions.
3:55 p.m. — Pitching yeast.
I 'made' it myself from a whole load of colours of roughly DK weight yarn in my yarn stash! I cut a whole lot of lengths, roughly around 2 feet long, knotted them together in a randomish order and then wound it all up into a ball. They're mainly just solid acrylics, but there are some different textures in there too!
3. The Intimate Fags - Nothing Doing
I'm not sure how I can cut the time down, maybe 30 minutes isn't a long time, but I'm not used to it! I normally wash my hair in the evening and allow it to dry naturally overnight, and if I do wash it in the day I tend up rough dry it which takes no time at all. So maybe what I need to do is dry it more before putting on the spin curl attachment!? I could also cut down the time but putting it on the high heat, but Im not too keen on that much heat so close to my hair.
I’m sleepy…0.0
What South Africa lacks, and probably needs, is a strong and coherent left opposition, preferably before a fascist takeover. Is Zwelinzima Vavi up to it? The tragedy of the assassination of Chris Hani continues to haunt us.
Of all the Temples I visited, my personal pick is Pura Taman Saraswati, at Ubud within the palace premises, dedicated to the Goddess that is my namesake – Saraswati Devi (for knowledge, wisdom and intellect). Frangipani trees, lotus stalks a foot above the water, well-preserved motiffs, absolute serenity, flecks of red, gold – green waters and ivy …the place is for those who seek solitude in prayer.
I know I’ve been gone for, what seems like forever
In the 1970s Dunn became a session musician, playing for stars including Rod Stewart, Tom Petty, Robert Palmer and others.
I've been a huge fan of Top Chef since the very first season, so I knew I had to grab this book when I saw it at the library. Simmons' writes in a very down-to-earth manner and includes a bunch of the recipes she raves about in the chapters. I probably won't actually make any of the recipes, but I was glad they were there in case I was feeling adventurous!
The characters are well formed and believeable. I could identify with a few of the characters, they reminded me of people I know in real life. However, in the case of Topaz, there is a unique quality to her.
2 tbsp Cointreau
LP, " Thank you Ann (from Zoolatry on our sidebar) for the graphics. If you would like Ann to do some graphic work for you she charges a small fee for wonderful work :) "
Maggie: (sweetly) "Yeah."
Because of the gift of your free will, which I will never take away from you, the choice is yours.
Oh, wait. I’m sorry. That was me assuming that Democrats and the mainstream media had enough brains or enough fairness to treat both sides the same way. When they don’t have any of either.
If the CJEU follows the AG’s Opinion, those creating as well as exploiting data such as fixture lists, TV listings and telephone directives will have little left in the way of rights over such data. They will need to look to the potential for the individual items of data to have copyright protection in themselves, rather than to gain protection by virtue of being in a database. In this case, the AG concluded that there was no copyright in each fixture, as the parties had
Waiting on Wednesday is a weekly event hosted by Breaking The Spine where you can spotlight a book you're giddy with excitement to read so other people can be giddy with excitement too :)
Perhaps those two sentences are a logical impossibility. Only one of them can be true.
not my thing...but...I can now say that I have seen the big four professional sports live. Check it off the bucket list.
I know you get somewhat overwhelmed or even scared at times, but you have the word of God to comfort you. You have the promise of a King to never leave you in the dark and unknown. Oh won’t you just trust Him? Open your heart and sing How Great Art Thou God, with me. For He is worthy. If I don’t have a dime it is okay, because my riches are in Christ who shall supply ALL my needs. Therefore, my riches are in His promises not paper bills or coins.
2. Vic Caswell of Sketcher Girl Studios and I have a new project! The first Pod People podcast will be out next Friday (the 18th)! Be sure to follow the blog and/or like our new facebook fan page! We'll be talking about all things YA, including but not limited to YA boys, girls, self-publishing, everything! It's going to be great fun. You do NOT want to miss it.
know the look of things
8.) I don’t like going to the dentist. My debate coach Bianca once told me a story where the dentist drilled into her tongue. I have this fear that while the drill is in my mouth, I’d lose strength to keep my mouth open, and my jaw will slam shut with the drill embedded into my gums.
The Dance Of The Eunuchs
But know that our God still works miracles. When we trust Him with our whole lives and worship Him with our whole hearts it opens up a realm of the ,miraculous, the greatest miracle of all though is to trust in Him and to hear His voice.
“For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith; Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge shall give me at that day.”
In a sense, ulema militants had the perfect measure of the Saudi state. It was an arbitrary regime which only used Islam when it needed to.
Set in a Roman Catholic monastery in the desert of the south-western United States after a devastating nuclear war, the story spans thousands of years as civilization rebuilds itself. The monks of the fictional Albertian Order of Leibowitz take up the mission of preserving the surviving remnants of man's scientific knowledge until the day the outside world is again ready for it. – Wikipedia
* Assorted hot peppers (use as many as you wish, fresh jalapeños seem to be the crowd favorite)
a virtual shopping trip in Katie's shop!
I'm fighting a war. A war against spiders. Every night before bed, I check my sheets for them, shoe in hand, ready to brutally end their lives with way more force than necessary. Sometimes I find one and even if I kill it, I still can't go to sleep because it confirmed my fear that sometimes there are spiders waiting in my bed for me.
I'm almost as old
Then there is the random draw on each of the designers blogs for the Sneak Peeks :)
Ta Da......the Tomato Pie!
What I liked/disliked:
She did really well at the Show and brought home 3 first place ribbons, 2 second place ribbons and 2 third place ribbons!! We were so proud!! (But we were proud of her anyway.)
In which we find our way
Our Jim made fortunes by deceit,
Now I haven't smelled 'In The Library' but apparently it's quite evocative. One blogger described it as 'leathery and lovely'. (He's obviously been reading first editions. The only leather in my library is the half-chewed shoe my puppy's been destroying for the past week.)
Just think this stone the sea; and we two ships,
At the end of 2011, Canon launched it’s Cinema EOS lineup with the c300. At this launch, they also gave a sneak peek at a 4K DSLR as part of the Cinema EOS range. The fact that Canon has now jumped into the digital cinema world, while Kodak has since filed for bankruptcy protection and ARRI, Panavision and Aaton have stopped production on their film cameras, is hugely significant. Four years ago, this would have seemed unimaginable to many.
I've used a gorgeous Miss Anya from The Greeting Farm, which I stamped while staying with my BFF Helen...thanks Helen...waving :) I'm ashamed to say she's been sitting in my drawer for a loooong time, with her sisters, waiting to be coloured up :( The image panel was then matted with SU Merely Mustard and adhered to the background page with repositionable glue so that it can be removed and recycled...can't bear the thoughts of having to throw her away when the calendar expires!!
Why I was still talking to that olodo, I don’t know but he probably just wanted to sort things out.
and return again to hold you tight
It takes my sister some time to cross the stage, so we are calm when she finally reaches my father, who stands with hands folded just as he did on the day of his own graduation, serious and proper. She passes her green velvet hood to him, turning to face the audience as the deans have instructed each graduate ahead of time, then bends at the knees slightly, as if curtsying, so my father can place the hood over her head from behind. Even so, he knocks her cap slightly askew. She grins as she straightens it, and -- is it possible? -- seems to look directly at us as we wave. I wonder if my father can see us too.
I'm pissed that I'm about to lose another $200.00 worth of food that I just bought. Plus, my late ex-MIL was thawing. Over the summer, when I suspected that all the things going wrong was my ex-MIL's curse, Nurse Rudee suggested I write my MIL's on a piece of brown paperbag put it in water and freeze it. Which I promptly did and shortly there after, Duane got his disability, the boarder left, and I got a job. I grabbed up the container and went next door to the manager.
It was last week when NAMA made an unscheduled announcement with some details of current events. It’s always welcome to get news on how the agency is performing though it would be better to get the quarter three, 2010 report and accounts which have now been sitting on Minister for Finance, Brian Lenihan’s desk for the past 54 days. Included in the announcement last week from NAMA was news of the sale of the Montevetro building on Barrow Street in central Dublin to internet search engine giant Google. This is what NAMA had to say in respect of the transaction:
Its very similar to the McGill curl up and for those for aren’t familiar with Stu Mcgill, he is one of the premier back specialists in the world.
Yesterday, when I stumbled out to the kitchen in my fuzzy white bathrobe for a cup of goodness called coffee, I saw on the table, not one but FOUR homemade Valentines! Were there a couple of pun cards? You bet. My Valentine card to him had to do with porcupines and stuck on you….. I included a package of super glue of course.
Fixed mortgage rates hit new all-time lows this week as anemic economic growth and inflation took rates to unheard depths.
Gem's Tante Adrie is the only surviving member of his father's birth family, his father's 'baby' sister. At nearly 90, she lives on her own in a little apartment in Haarlem, a beautiful old city about forty minutes by train from Amsterdam. We arranged a Monday afternoon visit for coffee. The logistics involved several calls to iron out the details, as her English is limited and Gem's Dutch only somewhat better.
Um, it’s not just Natalie. All the cars are coasting to a stop and in fact not all at the same rate either. Natalie has to use her mad skillz to get them to the side of the road without getting creamed by anyone who was moving faster or slower than them. Not to mention the fact that all the lights on all the cars went out at the same time. So the highway’s black. And silent, except for the punctuation of crunching sounds and people yelling. Some screaming.
When Kathryn receives this, it will be wrapped in cellophane (I didn't want to squash bunny with a lid).
for free
I’m sure you are curious. Let me just say it involves urine. And a lot of it. If you aren’t that interested in reading about pee then I suggest you stop now. Because pretty much that’s what this whole post is about…
Tons of love, your wifey B
2. Hans Vogl(GErman busto player)
I offered it up for the smashing;
What are some of your favorites? Please share them with me and the other readers.
Not much of a dream, I know. There were no flying monkeys or pork knights or lusty babes in it. Except for her. She pretty much still is a babe. She was a babe back in high school, and, according to her profile on the Book of Faces (I looked just to verify and stuff *shifty-eyed*), she's still Babe-a-licious. Schwing!!!
2) This actually goes back to rule 1 (everything goes back to rule 1); but, DO NOT PROPOSE IN FRONT OF/NEAR YOUR FAMILY!!
Wow, I am down to my last 5 cards in the Scraps Card series. Since a few of my friends are having boys or just had a boy, I needed to restock my stash. My hubby and I found out yesterday that our little September bundle is a girl! We are super excited. That takes our total to 1 boy and 2 girls. Will be O.K until they all need the bathroom at the same time.
2) When your hole is made test to make sure the pump tube will fit. You might need to drill holes side by side for some of the pumps that have oblong shaped upper pieces for the pump mechanism. If needed you can use a pair of pliers to bend down to finish any rough edges.
Or is it? We hadn't thought we were small-minded parents of narrow vision. But doubts emerged. How would a child for whom every stimulating educational luxury has been afforded cope with the realities of first jobs or of no jobs? With the mundanity of filing, with necessary but repetitive tasks, or with getting up in the middle of the night, again, sleepless, again, to change a filled nappy? Brilliant, life-enhancing opportunities, but leading to a sense of unrealistic entitlement? Who knows.
Also do check out my fabulous new interview over at Blog Expat where I dish about ex-pat life warts and all:
Before I explain this further I should give a quick recap of the diagnosis. The DSM-V isn’t out yet, but it’s pending definition for BPD is a bit more cohesive than the DSM -IV TR’s version so I combined both versions for a more in-depth assessment of the issue.
Embellishments: Flowers and gems from stash
- Pass the award on to 10 other versatile bloggers and let them know you did.
So yeah, I still love horses very much, and oh boy, how my life would be easier if I had never met any of them…
It’s made me think of my own foray into performing arts education, over twen……many years ago. I was not so fortunate with pre-college training or experience, and I hadn’t been acting since I was a four years old, and I had little guidance from my high school teachers (or elsewhere) as to how to go about it all. I just tried.
We managed to find our way into NYC with no gps system, we are both quite pleased with ourselves as we had managed to get lost in Birmingham by trying to check into the wrong hotel!
■Farmer’s Neighbor #4
I choose a thread to match the backing (rather than the binding) and use a long length of it doubled up. I thread the two cut ends through the needle and the uncut loop hangs at the other end. I put my needle through this loop when making the first stitch to secure the thread without having to use a knot. I sew an uneven ladder stitch - about a quarter inch in the binding (I just zip along inside the fold) and then a smaller stitch into the quilt back and batting before heading back up into the binding. And I love using binding clips to hold it all in place; much more friendly than pins.
Simplicity in form and function, pure movement and total body awareness.
With all due respect, prisoner 50987 - sorry, I mean Lord Ahmed - might that be because people such as yourself are specifically employed to keep such allegiances alive? I mean, after all, expecting loyalty and assimilation from these immigrants and their descendants might be racist or something.
A little boy wishes he had different animals parts and explains the wonderful ways he would use them. But each one has a problem, so in the end he decides he is happy being himself. . A silly and insightful tale told in classic Dr. Seuss rhyme.
In charge of the world.
Ride safely people!
It tells us that the laws of India SHALL NOT discriminate against any one based upon their sex. Yet we see so many laws that inherently are discriminatory against men.
I adore Henry in Love, so the fact that Chloe, Henry's beloved, stars in her own picture book makes me a very happy girl. There's a message about too much television time, but it doesn't seem heavy-handed.
So we decided to place our newly-acquired lightning rod in the front yard ivy bed as a piece of historical art. We considered it sculpture. A neighbor wandered down the sidewalk one day while we were doing yard work. “What’s that?” he asked us. “It’s an antique lightning rod.” He squinted and scratched his head. “Is it attached to something?” We looked at our neighbor with mischievous smiles as Cheryl began the yarn, “It sure is.” Then, we let our imaginations run wild, fabricating a new story: A tornado had blown an old mid-western farmhouse all the way to the west coast, where it finally landed like a meteor making a huge divit in our front lawn. Over the next 100 years, the ground had settled and the ivy began to grow. The only visible reminder is the old lightning rod that still sticks up out of the ivy—the roof only a few feet underground. Should we ever decide to excavate, we would find the entire house three stories down, furnishings and all!
Down to the borders we go
Cindy is a friend and a neighbor and our kids play together so this is such a wonderful accomplishment for those of us who are lucky enough to know her. So go buy the book, spread the word, like the Facebook page, and...
9. Elise – Led Zeppelin – Whole Lotta Love”
And, all the while, there is another voice telling me to stop the madness and be open and speak your peace and if you have asked for something you truly don't deserve then the Universe will take care of that and set you straight.
Credits: Producer, Written-By - R. Parkes
06-Signal To Noise
With dinner finished, the music is turned up and everyone has a dance. Carole is doing Salsa classes so she shows us her moves as she dances to some Latin number. Most people leave around mid-night (they all have to get up and work the next day) and I start to load the dishwasher.
the magic of her smile when she opened the one gift on her list --
March by Geraldine Brooks
Days like today I get frustrated and even feel pretty low but staying in the state does not help. Become more invigorated and stronger in resolve is whats needed and I can't forget the importance of recovering for illness. We now have 3 weeks until the first round of National trials. Today we fell over. Now its about getting back up and re-establishing momentum.
Direction, sparkling chemistry between Riteish-Genelia and dialogues put the film in the comfortable safe zone. Music, poor screenplay and editing are the weak points.
Preventing deaths is what Kassi and Caleb are now focused on accomplishing. Kassi has poured herself into research and now knows more about what she could have been looking for.
There was a defibrillator patch
The motorsport (car racing) budget for 2012-2017 is $89.9 Million USD.
The other must haves for mommy: clothing and eyes! Clothing consisted of scrapbook paper in "girly colors" and cost $0.75. The eyes were $0.50 per pair.
I apologize that it has taken so long for me to pull this out of my head.
I lost about a kilo and a half last week!
Biblical.
a world of colour of blue, green, yellow
I've already made this twice since last week, so you can tell it's a new favorite around here! Thanks to Laurie. Now I'm going to go try her Spinach Artichoke Dip!
The SORROWS IN ITALY portion is pleasant if standard Eurorock, where the freakbeat gets mixed up with what I'd call a tamed Kinks aesthetics and of course a few Eyetalian language numbers thrown in to wow the signoritas over there the same way that "Sie Lieb Dietch and "Komm Und Holt Der Hand" had all the krauts burning their Horst Jankowski albums in defiance of national pride. A nice example of what was going on rock-wise not only in England but the continent during the time before the big progressive putsch got into effect (some references of which can be noted here if only by the appearance of two covers of Traffic's "Dear Mr. Fantasy" not forgetting the occasional sitar twang).
I went in today to enquire about hair products and ended up being given these 3 lovely samples! (Your eyes do not deceive you – that is a full pot of hair doctor for free!) The service was fab and the woman really understood my concerns about the sensitivity of my scalp and skin, she seemed quite happy to part with this bundle of goodies and adviced me to visit once I’ve used them to reassess what I may or may not need!
Most of the walls in my house are beige. I have a beige that I've found that I love, so I stick with it. I like to add color to the rooms with accessories because I really don't enjoy re-painting walls. I love the way a freshly painted room looks, but the process itself?!?! No thanks!
2.) (1 May 2006) “All the photographs showing how really fine she was when she left scene were doctored, where the date stamp was actually fraudulent.”
d) A man who ran a hotdog stand on the pier in Portland, Maine used to come through my line. He would always discuss his hotdog stand and encourage me to “come visit him for lunch some day.” What would he buy? Hotdogs, buns, mustard, ketchup, etc. How would he pay for it? Food stamps. Either that man really likes hotdogs, or the state is paying for his business. Not okay.
blew it hard and fully up…
More recently, the loonie’s has capitalized on a weakening greenback against major world currencies. Some of that has to do with the fiscal and economic situation in the U.S., some with distortions created by foreign exchange markets that have become powerful forces in determining the fortunes of global currencies.
Combined, these 3 growing areas should provide us with all the herbs we favour, all the salad we can toss, all the spinach, beans, carrots, strawberries, rhubarb and asparagus we can eat.
i hope this helps any of you home gardeners. and like i said, if anyone has other suggestions on how to deal with these pests, especially the squash vine borer, we'd love to hear it!
Still, because we were of the female persuasion (as opposed to the hundreds of dudes there that were shouting, “WHAT’S THE TIME? IT’S TIME TO GET ILL!”), we got pushed near the front, and we were all instructed to scream as loud as we could, to make it seem like a real Beastie Boys concert.
Listen to your inner dialogue. How do you think and feel about your current and future jobs? If your thoughts are positive, you may have genuinely connected with your life’s destiny. If your thoughts are negative concerning work, egoic influences may be hindering your progress.
If your perception of the freedom of speech means you think you can say anything you like, no matter who it offends, regardless of the consequences and at the risk of alienating people en masse, based on ignorance, vitriol and the moral compass of Nero, then you need counselling. Read your history books or, if words are too hard beyond a paragraph or three, try Google and type in HITLER. The pictures tell the story. If you still aren’t convinced, watch any Jerry Springer re-run to see how your intellectual future will pan out.
Unwin gives examples of places from his own owrk in Letchworth, Hampsted Brentham Garden Suburb and the Anchor Tenants (Humberstone Garden Suburb – sadly not well preserved or built close to the masterplan) in Leicester and at Earwicks (his first scheme) at York.
It helped that it's been over two years since I read The Thief Lord, so I had few instances of "that wasn't in the book" or "how could they have left out such and such."
We then got to the crop- but realized we were too early for check in and had 40 minutes to kill. So we drop down the street and found this great antique store, The Mill Property Antiques. It was so misleading, I thought it was a cute little store, with different vendors that have their own booths. When I thought I was done, the owner pointed out to me there was another 50 vendors downstairs! The place turned out to be so huge, I almost got lost in it! So many great things at every corner! I picked up a few things for my friend's bridal shower (one big item that was only $7.50 and a few smaller items for a few bucks each), an old bridal veil (to add to my hat collection) and a few old books to add to my antique book collection. It was a great score!
On April 2nd we set off on the Cosmos Tour called “British Panorama”, it covered England, Scotland and Wales. It was the first time I had been on a bus tour, so I wasn’t sure what to expect. Now I do…expect great sights, excellent accommodation, a knowledgeable tour guide and lovely company.
Looks as though they are landscaping the park, and putting in a new walk path.
There are plenty of Americans, like me, who remember lining up for polio shots in the 1950’s and 60’s and were informed 40 years later, in the 1990’s, that a lot of those experimental polio shots were contaminated with a monkey virus, simian virus 40, that causes cancer in lab animals and has been associated with brain, bone and lung cancers in children and adults. 12, 13
And don’t even get me started on the government’s derivatives, which will attach so much debt to this generation that their great-great-great-great grandchildren will wonder at the ignorance of their forefathers of today as they scrap for tidbits of food left over from the most recent bankers convention.
I want to wish all of you a blessed remainder of Advent, a Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year.
I wasn't familiar with these guys in the early days. It wasn't until the 90's that I was introduced to them by this metal freak named John who would frequent the comic shop I worked at. John would swing by every week, and give me cassettes of demo's and rare obscure metal records that he had dubbed for me. What I recall most about this dude was that he lived at home with him mom, but had a porn addiction that i'd say matched almost any one I'd ever met. Dude drove around in this clunker of a car(like a la barren I think), blasting metal on his tape deck, with his video porn collection stored in the trunk so that his mother wouldn't find it at home. Totally hilarious. All I could ever imagine was him getting in an accident, or pulled over by the cops who searched his car only to find a huge stash of porn in the trunk. At any rate John taped me one of this bands demo's from the 80's. Years later I saw this sucker and knew I needed it. I guess this German Black/Death/Thrash band flew under my radar because I was more interested in Sodom, Kreator, and Destruction. At any rate this compiles a bunch of demo tracks, a live tune, and some other rarities. The band formed in the early 80's, and signed some bogus contract that didn't allow them to record anything for some time. This lead to inactivity, and then the bands break up.
Anyway, the ideas I have right now are these:
Oh, and finally, I keep getting a lot of error messages when I’m commenting on other pages; some gobbledegook about not being able to process my request at this time; but then I’ll find that the comment went through anyway.
Routes any eight computers to any eight monitors with full cross-point capability, supporting resolutions up to 3840×2400.
11,773 individuals any guess what percentage of thoat were children? that is still 1000% if not more children killed by drunks than sex offenders. Therefore if the excuse that sex offenders are so so SO dangerous we need to track eveyr move they make 24/7 THE REST OF THEIR LIVES....where are the same 1 strike your OUT laws for DUI! Where are the registry's for drunks also the residence and working restrictions? of course theirs should be reversed They should be required to live no FARTEHR than 1,000 from a bar or liquor store so they have no reaosn to get into a car and kill people!I replied that:
You can enjoy these hot or cold.
Maybe he is interested only looking at him, see him from afar.
The TED video is here. It is interesting that introversion tends to cultivate leadership and creativity. In a commercialized society like Hong Kong, extroversion is highly valued and (I think) overstated. It is very frustrating to know that my Hong Kong peers rarely do real reading. By “real reading” I mean reading that inspires contemplation and enriches one’s knowledge of how this world works.
Now doesn't this cover looks amazing?! I cannot wait to read it! I still haven't got a chance to read The Girl of Fire and Thorns, the first book of the series but Geianne already read it and she has nothing but good things to say about the book, see her Review of Girl of Fire and Thorns. There is still no publication date yet for this book but it will be publish this year by Greenwillow Books. And according to Rae's blog:
(Although it might have instead been the one across the river.)
I hope you enjoyed the Christmas tree inspiration from my favorite local boutique. Which theme inspired you the most?
The story of RED starts with a familiar brand: Oakley. The founder and genius behind Oakley, Jim Jannard is also an avid photographer and forward-thinking technologist. His passion for imaging led him to create the Red Digital Cinema Camera Company.
”She has been shadowing me, sitting next to me and I have to teach her how to do my day-to-day job,” Westpac staffer of 15 years, Russell Siachico, told The Sunday Telegraph. “Basically sitting next to me like a sponge, sucking in as much information as possible. It’s devastating. I feel insulted and very low.”
AU: In our case the informal economy is loose milk but unlike some of the other sectors, I am totally opposed to doing anything against the informal economy. Obviously the gawala doesn’t pay income and excise tax which a lot of people complain about but the purpose of business is to be able to generate a profit for yourself while meeting the needs of the society you are serving. You cannot de-link the two and you cannot say that just because it is good for Engro’s profit, all loose and non-pasteurised milk should be banned. Half the population of this city will not be able to afford milk if that happens.
I really liked this movie, except for the dead wife/mommy storyline. I feel like, even though it was based on a true story, this part was overly manipulative. Especially the business at the end. I really am a sucker for father/son bonding movies, and I love animals, and I am one of the few unabashed Patrick Fugit fans out there. Overall, it was a really good movie with a lot of memorable stuff, but I couldn’t rate it higher because I couldn’t help but feel like a bit of a puppet as I walked out.
I think not.
When Prof Dawkins suggested that he believed the Pope took a rather more literal interpretation of the origins of humans, the Archbishop joked: “I will ask him some time.”
The lawyer for the accused did comment during his cross-examination of the CID blokes that it was “difficult to work out who should be in the dock” and the judge said that this should be deleted from the record.
My eyes light up when she gives me the donut. "I love them." she tells me, "I can see you do too. I bet Deanna tells you off and says something like they are too fattening. Well I say, you only live once, so enjoy it as much as possible."
Here are some photos from Shamian Island and the White Swan:Here is one of our favorite sites on Shamian Island:Some from the White Swan Hotel:Then there is our part of Guangzhou. We are staying at the Holiday Inn Shifu in the downtown area of GZ on a famous pedestrian shopping area. It is also a 15 minute walk to Shamian Island.These pictures are the view from our hotel room. I don't know if it is clear in the pictures, but from our elevated perspective, we can see the "old" (and I mean ancient) buildings that look like what Americans would consider a "shanty town," and the elegant and new facade attached to the front of the buildings to hide what is really there. This was done because the Asian Games are coming to GZ in November. The government is trying to "clean up" the city as much as they can in preparation for the Games. From the street, you cannot tell what is behind it.Today we went to the US Consulate for our oath taking process. This is the final step in the adoption process and tomorrow we will receive Chen Jie's visa and will be able to leave the country. I was very proud of myself for not crying on Gotcha Day/Forever Family Day, but I did cry while taking the oath. I couldn't even get through it, I just let Dave speak for me and I kept my right hand raised.
soul, and watch yourself
Red Bull, last years construction champions, and their driver, Seb Vettel, world champion, are open to application for Internships right now. I’m too old to apply, but they have a difficult application test that you have to pass first to apply.
I haven’t been too worried about the swimming part as I have always been a good and fast swimmer, compared to most people anyway. I was on the swim team for years and have a whole album full of 3rd-7th place ribbons to prove that the water and I get along just fine. But just to be sure I jumped in the pool and although I was breathing like I had a collapsed lung I still did all 16 laps on the first attempt. The running portion doesn’t have me too worried either as I can walk if I have to and I can always remove my race number and act like a pedestrian in a hurry if my lack of progress becomes too humiliating. What does have me worried is the biking leg of this whole thing. I didn’t think that 12 miles was such a big deal until I got in the saddle. I thought, no big deal, I had a huffy with a banana seat and the ace of spaids in my spokes as a child and later upgraded to a 10 speed that I routinely rode between my neighbor’s house and my own, which had to be at least a quarter mile apart. Well, it didn’t take long for me to realize that the car is hands down the greatest invention ever, whereas if you had asked before my attempt to pedal 12 miles I would have said electricity. So thank you, Mr. Benz, for inventing the automobile, you have saved many a woman from hurting in their special place.
Hang on. That's a different post.
growth is intentional ..
The past few months were crazy for me. I was preparing for the launch of CassaFire and a two-week blog tour. I was preparing for the A to Z Challenge, promoting and scheduling all of my posts. During April, I was taking care of the Linky List and visiting around a hundred and fifty blogs a day. And coming up are some guest posts, Challenge Reflections post, and my First Loves Blogfest, not to mention a lot of new followers to visit.
Then there are also the details of the design. Here the bedding was something I wanted to be original and something one could not find anywhere else. The window treatment was also something I decided to have a bit of fun with. I had a curved wall to contend with, so came up with a creative solution there.
-The Best Bands Without Any Songs in Rock Band/Guitar Hero
What some would call an uncomfortable silence, but I would call heaven, ensued. Sadly enough it quickly came to a torturous end when she asked me if I'd been here before. What? Who the fuck says shit like that? First of all, it's 2010 and that question is from, at the latest, the 80s so knock it off! Second, I'm sitting in the corner with a PBR and an empty shot glass and I'm not dressed up. I clearly don't care and am not looking to impress anyone.
You can pet her, stroke her, but once she sits in your lap, you're screwed (she only wants you for your nuts).
Author Min Jin Lee writes with a delicate, almost spare hand, while showing us the perspective of nearly all the characters in the book. Lee says that she wanted to emulate the classics she most admired, such as Bronte, and I dare say she brings a modern touch to the style. I soon began to love it, although the head-switching initially threw me. If anything, it shows Lee's enormous grasp of social niceties, of the subtleties of social interaction, something so difficult to pull off.
Head over to the Glorious Treats Blog to find three variations to this base recipe which includes a Chocolate Cream Cheese Frosting and a Strawberry / Blackberry Frosting too.
28) WHAT COLOUR IS IT?
No good way to get this home, but England is swimming in cool teapots:
...but he wouldn't let me bring it home!
Never forget our soldiers. Those who are deployed and those who are stateside.
About an hour and a half south of Cleveland, the facility makes a fascinating subject for photographers! Beauty on the outside, something else entirely on the inside! What a contrast. They do warn however that the peeling paint contains lead and may pose a hazard.
Shazza arrived next with a card, here, made by very cleverly using offcuts from the back of a card. The loveliest coastal scenes, layered onto backing which had been coloured using a matching Pro Marker to pick up the red gingham ribbon (neat trick). Some really pretty green checked paper snippets and a sentiment by Craftwork Cards. Brilliant job Shazza!
Dead End in Norvelt by Jack Gantos (the humorous summer adventures of a young boy in a small town) *****
a single thing.
But I see love (I see love)
VERY careful where she steps.
Soft-Boiled Eggs
I’ve felt so proud of myself this whole time, smug really. I’ve never really gotten angry at my ex. Even after all the lies and the complete disrespect he showed for what we had and our pending nuptials, I didn’t get angry with him. There were moments here and there when I lashed out, maybe threw my engagement ring or memorabilia box at him, but there was never a time where I felt disgust or hate for him. I always felt sorry for him. Why? Well, because he lost me. (Duh – Obviously.) I always thought I was the bigger person, wishing him well, trying to forgive. I was unwilling to hold serious ill will for the man who I almost married, even though he had ripped my heart into a million little pieces.
the recipe for shrimp & saffron risotto, courtesy of emeril lagasse and the MITM! (by the way, there's a typo in the recipe. it's 30 minutes, not 3 minutes for the actual cooking of the risotto.)
Political life in Denmark is orderly and democratic. Political changes occur gradually through a process of consensus, and political methods and attitudes are generally moderate. Growing numbers of immigrants and refugees throughout the 1990s, led to over a decade of growing support for anti-immigrant and already-tight immigration laws, the latest revision taking effect August 10, 2009. However, the left-of-center government that took office October 3, 2011 has indicated it will seek to ease immigration requirements. Sounds like what happened here when Obama and Holder took power.
“Those who labor in the earth are the chosen people of God, if ever he had a chosen people,
2. He walked around barefoot all the time,
Best Performance in a Supporting Role SHERIDAN SMITH Flare Path Theatre Royal, Haymarket
On one hand, they can write an article that is highly credible using the their own eloquent words and talent, or on the other hand they can write an article that uses “popular” terms and wastes the years of crafting their writing. The article they write must be aimed at one target or the other, because if it fails and misses the mark either way, or tries to accomplish both, chances are it will fall into a grey area, and most likely end up on the third or fourth search page which anyone who has used Google knows, means that it will most likely not be seen.
The chef also made a first course of a crab and asparagus charlotte. This was white crab meat mixed with some mayonnaise and chopped onion and used to fill a small ring lined with asparagus spears and served with some chopped asparagus and an orange vinaigrette with diced tomato and chives.
“Not only three reactor meltdowns but seven pool fires at Fukushima Daiichi,” Kamps said. “If the site had to be abandoned by all workers, then everything would come loose. The end result of that was the evacuation of Tokyo.”
Turning on the radio,
1. I am originally from Long Beach, California. I especially miss CA now when Virginia has the "mix-it" winter weather. Mix it with a little freezing cold at the beginning of the week, may be some snow flurries at the end of the week...
Mr Obama Snr had grown up in Kenya under British rule and aroused the fears of both colonial officers and American officials when he won a chance to study in Hawaii. The officials felt Kenyan students were ‘academically inferior’ with a ‘bad reputation’ for turning anti-American.
mv file1 file2 moves (or renames) file1 to file2
Needles
We get annoyed at ourselves. We zoom in on the small things gone wrong and become angry and disappointed – and we cannot fully focus on the next course of actions we were supposed to take.
300 Hard Style Kettle Bell Swings (Heavy, snappy and quick…The weight does not go back to the ground until 300, Got It?)
I'll enter those woods
Like I said, this book is very short, simple, and sweet. Mr Oto is not my kind of man, but he's a dear and the way he's basically crushing on Sophie makes him seem about half of what his age really is, and I wish I could really see his painting of Sophie as his Crane-Wife. Miss Ruth is a nosy bitch and every word about her made me irritated; what bothers me the most about her, I think, is that there really are people like her in this world. By contrast, I loved Miss Anne and Big Sally. They were probably my favorite characters, and for some reason every time Big Sally was around, I craved hushpuppies. I liked Sophie well enough - despite her upbringing making her rather inhibited and reserved, she doesn't fall totally into step with the other women in the community; she sets crab traps, for example, which also makes me hungry.
Just like that.
I tried to keep all my shadows consistent, so you can easily tell that the light is coming from the upper right. (For more ideas on shadow placement, run a search on "shadows" on this blog using the search bar at the top.)
Ron Howard G 6’5″ 200 Valparaiso
Hopefully another hundred thousand times or more.
Here are some tips I got for making the buttercream smooth:
Nah.. I'm off to tackle an Amy Butler bag next. I have NEVER made a bag before... so wish me luck!!
The only thing I can think of is “A Bad Goodbye”. It’s a duet with Wynonna. However, I really don’t think it’s what you’re looking for.
Tonight is the night for bigger beers, I guess. Plus, this is a new(ish) arrival at my Spec's, so I had to get it.
The Champion of Sunrooms in the Market
She has a graceful yet sophisticated style, and always has an encouraging word. I'm so excited about her new stamp line. She will be doing great things, and I can't wait to see what she has up her sleeve! Who knows, we may be able to lure her back at some point.
Will you vote (presidentialCandidate) or (anotherPresidentialcandidate)? A good friend from my hometown in Mindanao asked me through text (SMS).
As wonderful as Terra is in all its fair trade locally sourced organic goodness, it has become hard for me to eat there because just about everything has grains or legumes or sugar in it. Intrigued, I saw they had a new addition to the menu: you can have any sandwich with a brown rice wrap. Rice is grain, yes, but I was peckish. I had the special "panini" with local cheddar and fresh tomato. It was good.
On another subject, the car situation is still not over. Luckily, I am no longer dealing with it, and my knight in shining armor, Darren, is now taking care of it. I know he gets upset when I am upset, and he is a lot tougher than I am. My father in law has also been great. I think with those two in my corner everything will be worked out soon (I hope) and we can figure out what kind of a car we can afford.
“Yea I would like to but I have a job that I have to attend to. I’ll pay the receptionist on the way out, don’t worry doctor.”
But my real gaming started at Aero Hobbies. For my first year or so gaming there it was mostly kids my age I think, plus a couple of much older former leftover wargamer beardo’s who probably should not have been around kids.
Like we've never loved before.
1½ dl cream
we can feel the melancholy.
In early 1983, their lone album, Battle Hymns For Children Singing, appeared, gathering up all three previous singles as well as the concurrently released "Sister Friction." A fun record worth picking up if you can find it, but be wary of the CD reissues: the version issued in 2000 by Razor and Tie features extra tracks, but was poorly mastered resulting in some songs being sped up while others are slowed noticeably; Cherry Pop's 2007 reissue doesn't have the mastering issues, but has different bonus tracks.
interested in social media: It’s already here. Your enterprise is already dealing with its effects. You need to understand it, plan for it, and create
Faithful longing
Also, the baking time is very, very long because you want these cookies to be crunchy. The thinner you slice them, the shorter the baking time (and the more fragile the cookies). But thinner makes them delightfully crispy.
If I don't really feel like working out, I'll be a little extra cautious about
Today many Christians speak of a man like Barack Obama only as a “baby-killer”, even though many of his stances are incredibly gracious and charitable. He cares for the poor. He doesn’t just want welfare, though many on the right throw out words like “socialism” and “welfare state” in an act to scare people away from actually researching his stances. He wants to level the playing field so even the poorest of the poor can accomplish what suburban kids can accomplish with virtually no effort. But most Christians have no idea about this, and appear to have no concern for the social/economic apparatus which continually widens the gap between rich and poor (not to mention the fact that the rich control the entire apparatus).
You could confess Face to Face which was like sitting in a therapist’s office only the therapist was dressed like a priest, or you could go Screen style, which was deliciously creepy and made you feel like you were starring in a movie about an Italian crime family or a Mexican soap opera. When I was a kid, I did Face to Face. As I got older, Screen. Not that my sins got all that crazy as I got older, but I guess I’ve just always been a romantic.
the day care while I walked up to the door, dropped his brother off,
Oh well! We are alright with the time constraints at the present moment and hopefully we can take a boat from Sydney to Tasmania when we get there.
1 small tomato, thinly sliced
Well it certainly has been for me this week...
I appreciate any well meaning comments about how I should "Never take my eyes off the kids" (I know mom, you mentioned it before) or tirades about how my two year old isn't ready for potty training (potty TEACHING, excuse me) or anything like that. I am committed to my claim that she is in fact potty trained despite all evidence to the contrary. This was an example of venting. I don't want advice.
Volomir: Can you tell us something about your upcoming projects? Is there something as big as the diorama coming in the near future?
5 aware
Why can’t they make beautiful, soul lifting stories about that side?
Sharon Dane arrived in Australia with her parents at the age of 16. She was awarded a PhD in Social Psychology at the University of Queensland. Her area of research interest is the relationship between social inclusion and psychological well-being. Sharon is currently employed as a social scientist at a leading research organisation.
While she ate we talked about rainbows and how they are made with the help of my handy dandy weather book I found at Goodwill. Did you know a rainbow is what you see when sunlight has been bent and spread apart by millions of falling raindrops? Isn't that cool?
I really wish I would have had time to be apart of the ad club or prssa or something. I wish I wouldn’t have wasted a lot of my time working and not focusing on school and connecting with important people. I wish I would have saved a site, flyer, page, conversation, or something that I could use as an example for my 9 years of experience in the local music scene. I wish I would have saved every event page, flyer, or promotional status, blog, post, bulletin, or tweet that I posted for an example as well. Or that I was more proud of work I did my first 5 years of college.
And yesterday, both of my orders came!
And the new piece looks fantastic in the family room:
So, I’m Catholic. A practicing Catholic. And I am therefore supposed to (required to) go to church every Sunday.
1/4 c. powdered dry milk
OK, that is a bunch of crap. I tried to go the whole father of the year route there, but I just couldn’t do it. The truth? There was no way I was going to suffer through another season like that. Nope, one of us would die before that happened. When I became a parent, I swore I would never be one of ‘those parents’ that push their kids non-stop into sports (or music, jarts, whatever) and create complete monsters out of both kid and parent. Well, it was clear that I was going to have to start walking somewhat closer to that line or he was going to have to pick another sport or activity. After the season, we started working on a few aspects of his hitting, going to batting cages once in a while, that kind of thing. Nothing ridiculous or over the top, but certainly more than we had done before. I told him that “part of playing a sport was also trying to get better.” Something like that at least. Heck, it almost sounds noble when I write it….
“Your list of the common extent of accomplishments has too much truth. The word is applied to many a woman who deserves it not otherwise than by netting a purse or covering a screen; but I am very far from agreeing with you in your estimation of ladies in general. I cannot boast of knowing more than half a dozen, in the whole range of my acquaintance, that are really accomplished.” (I admit to having no artistic inclinations. If Mr. Darcy detested those who feign artistic skills when none exist, he and I would do well together.)
Breathless is an unrelenting movie from the start – the main male character Sang-Hun dishing out two aggressive beatings – it doesn’t hold back on the punching and kicking. Filmed in a docu-drama style, there’s no glorification of the violence – this is all nasty stuff. Violence is never far in every frame. The structure of the movie may seems repetitive, moving in circles, as if to mirror the circle of violence that the characters are trapped in. The bullied child becomes the bully in adulthood; the victimised mother produces a traumatised daughter, a beating follows another beating and so on. Director Yang Ik-Joon (also the writer, producer and lead actor!) has crafted a movie that explores themes of domestic violence and its effects on people. After an uncompromising first hour letting the viewer astonished and weary of Yang-Ik Jook’s shock and awe approach, the director suddenly introduces a sentimental edge to the movie with an unexpected touching montage of the two main characters (the thug and the high school girl) taking the gangster’s nephew to the fair, where he can, at last, be a child again. The movie seems a bit loose and unfocused in the middle but it is a powerful movie for those who manage to reach the end. The ending works superbly in a series of flashbacks leaving room for hope. The transformation of Sang-Hun is quick, but remains believable. A martyr of child abuse, his will to change his ways and break the cycle will eventually kill him but save his family. It is a powerful conclusion to an overly brutal movie that leaves bruises like a punch in the face, but also handles its gentle moments with a disarming sincerity.
George's solo is a neat little package, much akin to his solo on "I Saw Her Standing There" but with a greater blues feel. Or is that rockabilly? At the speed that "Boys" is played it all comes to one in the end.
What's that you say? Not sure what fabric to use for your new Mama Stellato pattern??
Corn, green beans and carrot frozen mix, ½ bowl
Watching the diver working in the tank was pretty cool. He had to bat away a turtle that kept swimming into him, which was funny. You have to respect a guy that dives into a tank full of sharks and stingrays to keep the tank running and the fish healthy.
She was described as ‘a great ambassador for Scottish fashion’ and invited back for future years.
The primary responsibility of the Inside Sales Executive is to generate new SW license
“No. I been to two more machines, waiting for you.”
that the hooks are made from vintage porcelain knobs that were used on telephone poles way back
1 c. frozen English peas
Instead I'll just wish everyone good luck. And if for some reason those judges can't see the brilliance in your ad, don't sweat it.
The history of the place and the tragedy that happened here are well known. The compound was built in the 1880′s and bought by the Hoffman family at the turn of the century. In the 1920′s, they ran a camp for boys there. One night, one of the Hoffman family tortured and murdered five boys who were staying there, then hanged himself. All were buried in the family cemetery which is on the grounds. The Hoffman family lived in the mansion until 1960, when it was bought by a family from California. They lived there for several years, then abruptly packed up and moved, never to return. The main house and several other structures were condemned and demolished in 1998 after over 30 years of abandonment and neglect.
Metta World Peace’s absence will take a large factor in the result of the 2012 playoffs.
I almost ran out of time to post these cards for the ColorQ challenge last week. I just had to make some cards with these beautiful, soft, Spring colors. Want to see?
How can I go without saying to my wife that she is really beautiful and most caring wife in this world..??
He watched and was lost to his realities.
Last pang.
* Maintaining a close gap while chasing under drift conditions helps to win that pass.
i am so grateful to be home.
Other countries, other cultures and peoples are preserving the Nazi legacy, if only as a warning, if only so history can be learned from. But in this age of American Commercial Imperialism, who's going to be keeping as non adulterated as possible a time-line via historical artifacts and literature and art, the lessons and relevance of Chattle Slavery; You had a bed, a chair, a horse and a slave. And the horse cost more than the nigger.
Oh, and of course, what’s Malva Pudding got to do with today’s unusual date? Well, just look at the quantities in the ingredients. This is another reason I love this cake – you can easily memorize the recipe if you really need to.
maybe I should of bought
Movie reviews include:
6.What do you think your greatest challenge is going to be this round?
But now my patience is being tested again.
What a scam!
What Up With That
Clegg wants ‘tycoon tax’ to trap rich who pay less than 20% with fury raging over child benefit axe – By James Chapman – UPDATED: 11:44 GMT, 10 March 2012
5.) Shit Housed Brother - This guy is a lock to be at every party you go to. He lives a few doors over, but nobody is really sure if he will even make it that far. He is running around spilling your drink and screaming at people to cannonball his handle of Captain. If you still can’t recognize him just wait, because when he invades your personal space explaining how much he loves you (guy or girl) you will know.
Is our client the "people", i.e., the rank and file, of the host country?
After we introduced ourselves to Carol and Gail, we started discussing other ways Cat’s Cradle could promote themselves via social media. The shelter already has a Facebook page (http://www.facebook.com/CatsCradleShelter) with 1,381 likes, thanks to Gail, who dedicates her time at the shelter, feeding, caring, deworming, and then goes home to do social media promotion. Gail said she would be interested in branching out to Twitter, but she doesn’t have time to use, or learn how to use, the social media site. That’s where we said we could step in.
approx 125ml alcohol of choice- rum, brandy, whiskey.
During World War II, Project Pigeon was American behaviorist B. F. Skinner’s attempt to develop a pigeon-guided missile.
So, a resection. Cutting a bit away. I haven't had one of those for 15 years!!! It is Not Good News.
Last week Jason took a day off from work and treated Aidan to a day out. Just the two of them.
*The difficulty of the drills is adaptable to ensure a smooth and steady learning curve.
Intern: Oooooo, big deal, noobs. I’m so awesome. You all suck. See? Nothing’s happening.
34. Luhan was born on April 20, 1990. ± 178cm height. And his blood type is O.
BERSIH 2.0 condemns this move as this would make ineffective the crucial role of the polling and counting agents in monitoring irregularities and discrepancies of the polling and counting process. For example, the recently concluded Sarawak state elections saw election violations where polling agents found members of political parties campaigning within the polling centres. Having their mobile phones while on duty allows the polling and counting agents to effectively feed information of any irregularities to their political parties and ensure higher transparency of the electoral process.
On the other hand, some are super healthy and can add nutrition to your every meal. Here are my favorite picks for the healthiest condiments for a lean energetic body: (And by the way, if you have a favorite and a recipe, I would love for you to share it!)
I think I've finally got all my shit together, I've scanned everything and I'm now working on uploading all of it. I've been making so much art, but none of it is digital, which is really nice until I want to share it with people and have a very temperamental and low quality scanner. the band is going great. we've recorded a demo and are going to sell it at our little show in the faculty parking lot on thursday. I was supposed to get my tattoo yesterday, but the artist was sick and had to reschedual, so I got a nap. I haven't been sleeping very much the past month, and it really got to me last weekend. I'm going to stop smoking for the week so I can really get better (I've also been sick for over a month) and so Halloween will be OFF THE HOOK. I don't know what I'm doing yet, but I'm going to be Betty Boop. I saw Mirah and Matt Sheehy a while ago, and Sierra had a few extra tickets to Patti Smith and took me and Laura. it was amazing, she is so incredible, defintely one of the most powerful shows I've ever seen. in november I'm going to see She & Him and Of Montreal, which will also be great. Stuart sent me a postcard yesterday. it's one of his Holga prints, I thought I'd put it up here since he doesn't have a scanner. it's beautiful.
Incredibly, the RGGI has managed to avoid public scrutiny of its operations by incorporating as a non-profit organization and leaving enforcement and regulation to the individual states. The corporation claims it does not have to respond to public requests for information since, technically, it is not actually a government entity.
Malaysia
Fast forward.
Mr Snow (to Cutler): “I was planning just to take the world. I didn’t realise I need you to give it to me.”
form of sympathy for his father. But at the edges of this sympathy are unanswered questions that may never be resolved about his father’s hidden life, professional skill and personal motivations that constantly work to shatter Uriel’s attempt to do the right thing. In this scenario, all lives are texts and all texts are as mysterious and ultimately impenetrable as the Talmud itself.
enjoying a glass of cold mineral water; the sun is shining and I’m enjoying the purest form of vitamin D. I’ve been awake for at least three hours, and its only 9:15am, reading the Jane Austin novel left by my bedside by the hotel staff the night before may have
Those who think A-B has got a good dose of Beer Karma and,
In fact, it was her idea.
Hill Country Cupcakes
You will never love anyone the way you loved me.
The visitors are also playing the series without several of their regulars, and the absence of the Muttiah Muralitharan — back home after the Test series following an injury — could hurt the Lankans the most Thursday.
But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that readeth understand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains:
I’ve been lost on a postcard spree but am now calming things down to get ready for Nano. After last year’s effort I began a new project for this year, writing pages of notes and summarising maybe about ten chapters; it hasn’t been out of its cage since and I have no idea what it was about but I’m going to keep it there until Monday night. When I come back from work and settle down I’ll open it up and remind myself of the story and then at the stroke of midnight I’ll begin writing. As always, I’m excited at the start of something new.
Men and women still live apart — the men in long houses and the women in round ones — the penis gourd, tied rather painfully around the scrotum, is the preferred dress for gentlemen, and there are persistent rumours that, just occasionally, the Dani eat people.
Their friendship, business and love are all going great until a Mexican drug cartel catches up to their Laguna Beach, California, business and demands that the trio partners up with them. Things get ugly after the three politely refuse the offer.
I will be strong, till you hold my hand so tight…
Better Business Bureau:
Concentration has been defined as "the ability to direct one's thinking in whatever direction one would intend". I think that’s a little simplistic. I can direct my thinking towards Dave’s poem well enough. It’s getting the poem to register that I’m having a problem with; we’re talking degrees of attention.
Starring: John Cho, Kal Penn, Rob Corddroy, Danneel Harris, and Neil Patrick Harris
Wow, sorry it's been a week since my last post - I have been crafting & will try and get my creations on line during the course of the week.
The prickly thorn,
Seriously, wow!
An appointment with whoever is made for another couple of weeks time
Eight trailer posts
OK so this is written almost a week after drinking, but I'm still going write about it, got a problem with that... didn't think so...
Well, tonight he unexpectedly got me real good. I think he knows when he can scare me and not have the carp beat out of him as opposed to, “I know better than to do it to her now”.
As they race to catch the vampire and survive the cruel games he plays, Amber is pulled deeper into Kearn’s world and discovers the painful secrets he hides behind his handsome but emotionless exterior—hurt that she has the power to heal if she is brave enough.
Gert Ale – 4.8% – Russett coloured strong ale
Another man from Durbanville, who asked to remain anonymous, said he had also been locked up in the police cells on Saturday evening.
I waited for almost a week, then opened the house and took out the abandoned nest and washed the house. The very next day... yesterday... I came downstairs to the pecking sound of bluebirds pecking on the window and much agitation. Male and female, flying back and forth from the house to the feeder to the windowsill. I don't think these are the same bluebirds that just vacated the premises with their baby as they are supposed to stay with him in the woods for at least a few weeks. Hopefully, it is a new pair.. more mature (although this head butting against the window behavior does not indicate any maturity to the female who continually chatters at him while he is doing it) and perhaps they will build another nest and raise another family. I hope so. I still have mealworms left.
for no apparent reason swerves out on the roadbed just as a battered taxi is going by.
The consequence I came up with for Gil's recent behavior is a 7 o'clock bedtime. Did I mention he does not like that? At all? At first I wasn't going to let him read in bed, but it's pretty hard to declare LIGHTS OUT! when, well, it's still light out.
Symbolic gestures & rituals:
The rules of the challenge have changed slightly. There will be a top 3 and there is a winners logo to display on your blog also, the overall winner will be able to choose two of Linnie's sheets. Anyone can enter but only those using a Whoopsie Daisy digi will be considered for the top three. However, Linnie frequently has a freebie on her site - in fact there is one there now and, not only that, she has a buy one get one free offer on, and there are always 4 digis on each sheet, a bargain at £1.99! There are so many to choose from you will be spoilt for choice.
causality–objective reality, break down at the quantum level.
And I'll be around again, to see the other men
The test was called “If I push you down and stuff you as far into the nook, how far can I stuff you?”
Where storms will show your mastery
The general tenor throughout is that of a mendacious line being put out by the Cameron Government to suggest that all was rigorously above board – when it clearly wasn’t. Jay asked about a meeting between James M and David Cameron at The George in Mayfair, where James told Cameron that The Sun would support the Conservatives. “This must have been welcome news to Cameron, wasn’t it?” says Jay. “Seemed that way,” acknowledges James.
‘We were all interested in clarifying the matter, but unfortunately we were not able to find out anything about it.’
The best part of the weekend however, wasn't the amazing food, or the delicious Chateau du Petit Thouars wine provided, or even the post-dinner dance party that the Brits weren't quite drunk enough to participate in.
Yesterday, as the judge embarked on the medical evidence about Amy’s condition, including burns to the genitals, he warned the jury against feeling sympathy towards the child. He also described as “highly unsatisfactory,” Dr Krishna Pulchan’s revelation that his medical notes had gone missing from the San Fernando General Hospital.
And turning to my wife he said
Chav Harry sneered.
1) Begin by making the spiced butter. Combine all ingredients together and put in fridge to solidify.
and one lucky participant will win the stamp set of their choice just for playing along!
vibrant Telegraph Avenue, hummed with the noise of tattoo machines, music and
a seat on the patio, eating s’mores
them from hearing God’s call, or the culture prevents them from seeing the possibility of a celibate life, or there is a desire to have prestige in the eyes of the world instead of the eyes of the Church, or a sense that one does not have the necessary talents and/or abilities that are required for the priesthood today; there is an unwillingness or an inability to respond, in love, to God’s gentle invitation to ‘Come, follow me.’
But still, the sun continues to shine, the sky is a brilliant blue and the birds are singing. It's so easy to become disconnected from all that is happening, because things seem okay. Unless there is oil in your backyard, or you house crumbled in an earthquake, or you are starving or suffering in some monumental way, your life goes on.
Me: (cracking up!) Do you mean my cousin's kids?
Plus Professional Cover Design for £100, this is optional.
Oh, you want to join me to England?
So my inner economist thought about it for a while and said “Fuck it”.
I stormed out of his office with a walking cast, later switched to even less supportive ballet flats to spite him, and I haven't really worn sneakers since.
"I thought I spied the ocean today, but Mrs. LaRue said it is merely a 'great' lake. I can see nothing great in something so fraudulent."
Then I gave it a quick coat with the base color again. The top is textured and I wanted to keep the lines crisp, this way the base coat fills all the cracks instead of the pattern color. I didn't let it dry all the way before applying the leaf color - which was the base color mixed with white.
At the end of the short film the threesome disappear behind a familiar large door that takes them into the Great Hall. They bid us a fond farewell and exit through a giant door and then the cinema screen is majestically raised to reveal THAT actual giant door…for some it’s almost like the reveal of King Kong in the theatre and you can hear an audible gasp and certainly it was with the group we were with initially, these were grown adults, we aren’t talking kids here! They gasped; for this door is an entrance into Hogwarts, but it is more than that it is an entrance into the great hall…the first ‘this is what we are here for’ moment on the tour. To be honest they just keep coming after that, a bit like a child who has too many Christmas presents and just doesn’t know what to play with first.
Once again I decided to make a Christmas card once a week following the sketch on Always Playing with Paper blog. They call it Merry Monday. Here's my card.
Grilled chicken breasts, broccoli, salad, fresh bread
6. Exercise at least 3 times per week.
Oh dear, I'm afraid I'm going to have to add all these to my book pile - the top of the pile too! I'm still ploughing through Mr Ditchfield's Vanishing England but I shall be rather glad when I've finished it and can move on to Alfred Quinton.
Oh, and for those of you who know what I’m talkin’ about:
Later, a man who was known about town as a drunk and who had sunken into an errant life came to my mother's family with his story of change. After the house fire, he had looked among the ruins and found on the fireplace mantle a small Bible, lightly singed but otherwise intact. This discovery caused him to evaluate his life and decide to change. He had given up alcohol, and now reconciled with his family was intent on living a useful life. He thanked my mother's father and returned the Bible which eventually ended up in my mother's possession.
Fashionistas, for one, “suck.”
Apparently someone has said that this collection of stories would be a good introduction to Solzhenitsyn—no doubt some publicist—and I can’t disagree, the first few stories anyway, but much better to dive straight into One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich and then find a copy of the new translation of In the First Circle which I hear is good. For those familiar with his work and still interested—perhaps that’s the key here—there is more here, though, than just wallowing in the past.
And squeezed his belly to make him poo.
(Adapted from Williams-Sonoma)
Both of my sisters have inherited my father’s intense struggle for happiness. I’ve had my own battles. Depression for me has often taken the form of an intense, existential loneliness. A loneliness too painful for tears. A solitude so overwhelming it winds you. I understand how depression can be so consuming that it feels like a force of nature that can’t be contained or controlled. Like a hurricane that destroys or contaminates everything that was once beautiful. Whether you look around or in mirror all you see is rot, is decay. All you see stinks, reeks. Everything is dead or dying. Everything is distorted and lying. I’m talking about what you see, not what is. I’m talking about what you feel, not what is true.
Sunday: Another early wake up call (I get up hours earlier on the weekend - it's crazy) and my stomach was a pissed off mfer. Great. I took it easy and choked down breakfast and coffee and waited for my stomach to feel better. Thankfully, it was ok by the time I needed to leave. I was nervous knowing I didn't have Kim for this run (she has been spoiling me!) but happy that a bunch of running club peeps were coming out.
The first sign of trouble at the Syariah Lower Court last Monday came midway during the 15-min session – when I was giving my statement to questions asked by the judge. And it came about due to my own mistake during the session.
It's a good thing that getting caught offside does not count as a foul, otherwise Tottenham Hotspur would be in trouble. Emmanuel Adebayor was the season's most prolific offender in that regard, reclaiming a crown that he previously won in 2008 and succeeding last year's most regular transgressor, Jermain Defoe, another two-times winner. In fairness, Darren Bent, another previous winner, was on course to challenge hard for this year's title until he fell victim to injury. But Bent's absence is only part of the reason why Aston Villa were the only team in the league not to score a single goal from a corner all season. They also scored fewer headers (three) than anyone else – while the only team to concede more headed goals than Villa (12) were Sunderland (13). West Bromwich Albion conceded the fewest (five). Villa's total of seven victories was their lowest in a season since 1890‑91, when there were only 12 teams in the league.
It's hard to go past the El hot dog though, a monster of a grilled pork frankfurt cloaked in a cloud of finely grated queso fresca cheese. The fresh cheese is amazing -- fairy-like strings that melt at first contact on the tongue, draped over frankfurt, spicy jalapenos, pico de gallo salsa and, oh yes, more lashings of mayonnaise.
Once I am done
When buying or selling your home, take care in choosing a qualified real estate agent. Selling real estate is important, and there is a lot of money involved. Your agent should be trustworthy and know his business well. An agent with a good reputation and solid credentials will help you navigate the process more smoothly, as well as demystify it for you while keeping your best interests at heart.
There is so much being written right now about bullying. The newest focus of bullying has been put on homosexuality, but in the last week I’ve also read two other accounts of bullying. One is over at Bust magazine, where you can read article about how women are bullied because of their social choices. And the other is on a mama’s blog, where you can read about how a girl was bullied because the daughter chose a water bottle that was different then all the other girls, and was too “boyish.”
D&D has stood the test of time, not only dominating the RPG market that it created but also forever influencing fantasy fiction. With such a wide variety of systems that have been introduced over the last 35+ years, it is perhaps the only common ground that every gamer shares.
Please just get in touch - annaandtheringlondon@gmail.com
~Hikari
Despite racking up the Twitter followers, Dimps has managed to keep a proper followed-by-to-following ratio, at about 63,000 to 5,500. So how can you get a follow back from Dimps as she makes her way to 80K?
The pace faster, but still allowing friends to linger
It is spreading like the plague:) Tangobaby, I don´t think I can link to seven more blogs, unless I tag people who have already been tagged.. it is a small tango-blog world:) but I´ll do my best. Anyway, it is quite an interesting exercise. I certainly enjoyed reading other people´s responses.
Ran a couple races, nothing too extraordinary. Here’s
Inspired by a comment asking for my advice on where to have a bachelorette party within walking distance of the Sausalito Ferry Terminal, I decided to take Dad to Horizons last night when he wanted to have dinner 'by the water'. I also had visited earlier but with such spotty quality photos that it wasn't enough to make a good post. So I'm combining last night's visit with Dad with some prior unpublished photos for a mega-review of the food and views of Horizons. And Lynda can take a look (if this post is still in time!) to see for herself which dishes look the best!
So don't treat mistakes as something to avoid, my fellow marketing professionals! Treat them as a valuable income stream! I certainly do.
Here come the swatches, but be forewarned: there are a lot of them. I had trouble deciding which were the best representatives of the pigmentation, so I just decided to throw them all in here so you can decide for yourself and be able to see them in different lighting. All pictures were taken during the day with no flash, but some seem to be in direct daylight while others are a bit more shadowed.
Last night my eye began to hurt a bit, so I took out my contacts and decided to give my eyes a break for the night. As I took my contact out the weirdest thing happened. My eye hurt worse. Usually it’s a relief. But I figured it would still go away with a good night’s rest. When I woke up instead of feeling better I felt worse.
scattered
Gano
then there was this morning.
But like all good marketers he is a keen and profound student of human nature. He instantly spots insights that go far beyond the ordinary, and this mould-breaking study of pictorial impact shows such a series of inisghts.
We also have here in Austin a music group called Heartsong which I am super jazzed about checking into. The class involves singing, dancing and instruments and in which both the kids and parents participate. You take home a cd of the music that was sung during the group so your baby/kiddo can listen to it in the car and at home.
1 T chopped green onion
And speaking of which, an easy salmon and spinach quiche seems like the easiest idea!
Climbed a tree and tore my pants
Last week was a good writing week. I met (well, almost met) my self-imposed quota of pages for what I am calling a "final first draft" of a story I wrote a couple of years ago. There have been a few changes: it is no longer set in a large, modern North American city, it's now set in Eighteenth Century London; and it is no longer for Young Adult readers, but for middle-grade readers. I'm starting to understand what one so often hears, about a story writing itself.
According to Judge Batten,
Him and his friend Chris put on a semi-professional show,
I think that the furniture aesthetic or end-table sort of thing that I mashed with them comes from my grandmother, who was an immigrant from England after the war. Being a sort of proper British lady, she had her shelves of trinkets displayed very nicely on doilies or on fancy tables and these kind of things. And for me, that kind of furniture seemed to be a good fit for the objects that I was dealing with.
We are still in negotiations regarding the gender. We talked to the doctor about it, and they marked SURPRISE on our charts. So, they won't tell us unless we ask at our next appointment.
Po- "Certainly!"
Period 1: For Friday’s class, read through chapter 38 of Huck Finn. Identify key elements with sticky notes.
Zack and Miri Make a Porno (2008)
5.) “From the Crusades, to the Inquisition, to American politics--the name of Jesus had been hijacked as an ally in all kinds of power struggles. Since the beginning of time, the ignorant had always screamed the loudest, herding the unsuspecting masses and forcing them to do their bidding. They defended their worldly desires by citing Scripture they did not understand. They celebrated their intolerance as proof of their convictions. Now, after all these years, mankind had finally managed to utterly erode everything that had once been so beautiful about Jesus.” From The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown
(Not pulled by deers but by horsies grey).
5 Bodyline - now this is a new one to my list and i dont know how my stuff is because i accidentally got it sent to my
1. Listening to Radio Morning 2 on the weekends with host, Molly Johnson – You’ve got to get up early to hear Molly’s show (6 – 9 am) but it’s a perfect accompaniment to a hot double espresso and the paper. Molly plays a lot of Canadian music and I find myself doing multiple downloads of selections I’ve just heard. Catch her on CBC Radio 2 (94.1 in the GTA) or listen online at http://www.cbc.ca/radio/.
The winner will be chosen by Random drawing from all valid entries submitted. The winner will be notified via email and will have up to 48 hours to contact me with their mailing address before another winner is chosen. This giveaway is open to U.S. residents only. No P.O Boxes please.
by Nathaniel Benchley (Author) and Arnold Lobel (Illustrator)
It’s one thing to ask for a $25, $50 or $100 donation, but to ask for farmland, crops, IRAs and more!?! This kind of target marketing isn’t just disgusting, it is simply outrageous!
I'm loving all these little life moments that I wasn't always able to capture on my big camera. I could eat 'em all up with a spoon. I may have gone a little hog wild, but here's a mishmash of my fist week on Instagram....
Ultrasound Friday AM as well- hopefully little lady is growing well- she certainly is moving plenty, though I have contemplated bringing my doppler in my bag to work to have it at the ready should I feel less movement and start going psycho. I start weekly non-stress tests in two weeks. Can we just get through the end of January and then get her the hell out? I feel the vultures circling.
This Week In the past week Israeli forces staged four nighttime raids into the village of Nabi Saleh, arresting three, two of them minors.
The problem, really, is attitude.
I will do his laundry and make his food and fetch his medicines and bite my tongue to shreds.
Raul Marroquin records Ger van Dijck reading a Magazine during lunch break at Agora Studio
It is a one-layer card with a round aperture on the front. The heart is inside the card, and is die-cut using PTI's Heart dies. I used Tiny Tags dies and Tiny Tags II stamps. I also used, Think Big Favorites #11 and Tag Its #11.
It is just true. 1 John 4:18: “There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear”. I cannot live in fear any more. It is uncreative. It restricts me, it prevents me from doing what I need to do. It is time to see and act in Love. When I respond in fear, I am not really seeing the other person. I need Love in order to see the other person.
It was beautiful there - I was close enough to the side of the road so I didn't have to worry about being smushed, and close enough that I could (sneakily) people-watch. It was a sunny afternoon, clear and crisp. (This would be an entirely different post had I spent the time waiting for Galahad wet and shivering.)
While the other eight historians rambled their pre-programmed lectures one at a time, I watched Dad’s frozen form stare into the aisles. I tried to commit every angle of his face to memory all over again. His slicked back blond hair, clean-shaven face, sturdy jaw, and sharp nose. After an hour and forty-five minutes, Dad cleared his throat and stood. My wet cheek rested against the cold wood leg.
And Carpe Diem! on about ten different pages.
For the past year, The BestHubbyEver has had a bee in his bonnet about rising fuel prices. We have a large house heated by an oil powered hot-air furnace. It's been getting plum painful to see the bill after the oil man comes to fill up our tank. Oy!
The film begins with a text scroll explaining that the ozone layer just mysteriously deteriorated so much by the year 1990 something that scientists had to construct a “shield” to protect humanity from radiation poisoning, which eventually backfired and almost entirely eclipsed the sun. Now an evil corporation controls the “shield” and uses it to blackmail the public. Yeah, sounds like Highlander to me, too! I guess this could be a good plot for an entirely different movie, but for a Highlander sequel…this is just out of left field.
Of course, Sony is notorious, in my mind, for being a bit balky in delivering. It turned out that just signing up for the Station Account was a road block. Mike got through the sign up page on the third try, it having rejected him for no recorded reason on the first two attempts. But the EQ2X sign up seemed determined to thwart Earl. Switching browsers and running updates did not get him any further.
(I realize the subject of this song happens to be a girl but, oh, Juanes, you totally understand me! If you don't understand Spanish: trust me, this song fits perfectly with what I'm feeling.)
Grosvenor House publishing offer authors a single publishing package priced at £795. Its aim is to include all that is necessary to set-up a book using print-on-demand digital print technology and the author services to make it available to on line retailers and book wholesalers. The package is fully detailed on their website and there is plenty of information available there for an author with questions. There are links to ‘why self publish’, book costs, royalties, costing calculators, as well as a downloadable copy of their publishing contract. The information provided is concise and well-laid out. If I have one qualm, it is, yet again, the lack of books on their website. Authors should also note that Grosvenor do not have an on line retail bookstore facility.
That is what Christmas is all about.
Then again, when I’m short on sleep and Chloe pops up at the foot of the bed at 2:00 AM wanting to discuss the whichness of what or how to unscrew the inscrutable, I am sometimes less than delighted to engage with her. Kill or die? Sure. Lose sleep to help her distill her thoughts about some concept she’s been digesting? Well, shit!, I dunno about that. Losing sleep to review some thought process I ran to completion in my own mind a half a century ago because it’s new to her… Well, that’s an expression of love, too.
Nickelodeon you messed up bruv!! This show was a fail!
The reality is insurers need to set aside organizational, product and distribution constraints in order to explore what today’s consumers want to purchase- when, where and how they want to engage.
This is more than a poem.
(It is important to remember that in NHS statistical terminology “elective caesarean section” includes planned caesarean sections carried out for medical reasons – i.e. not simply at the patient’s option. I suggest, however, it is reasonable to assume that those who require caesarean sections for medical reasons are by and large already receiving them. Moreover, I suggest that the 10% elective rate already includes a proportion of patients who have chosen to have a caesarean section for non-medical reasons, but that we must recognise that such choice currently requires the support of the obstetrician.)
Come see me at KatieSchwartz.com - I'm publishing my humor essays, a few rants and other annoying things. Oh, and some updates - Good stuff? You decide.
As far as the social structure of the family goes, it is headed by the eldest sister and her husband (the husbands in the story are what one would call adoptive husbands as they came from lower stations in life and took their wives' family name) who do their best to keep their once good name out of the muck. She is run afoul by the third sister's refusal to marry any of the train of prospective husbands brought in front of her and the youngest sister's wild ways (smoking, adopting western style of dress, working for a living, sleeping around), as well as the second sister's attempt at usurping control of the family (not for any nefarious soap opera reasons, but for what she thinks is the good of her sisters). The story, with all of its traditions and rituals, plays out like an Ozu film, though without Ozu's sense of subtle style, but there is more than just this going on here.
Orphan ministry comes behind the most important work, which is the "Great Commission," preaching the gospel.
Monday and Tuesday were crazy days at school and I was ready for a "me" day. So I took Wednesday off from school. I had lunch with my sister and baby Charlotte and I told her how I felt queezy and still hadn't gotten my period. She said we should go home and take another test. So off I went to pee in a cup and then fed my sweet niece her bottle. I was pretty positive it would be negative again, so I was pretty nonchalant. As I finished up Charlotte's bottle I walked into the bathroom and found the test saying "Positive".
Plus, we know that there was no organized “abolish slavery” movement by leaders of the ruling class, either in Egypt or Rome. Granted, there were Roman slave revolts—a la Spartacus—but those were driven by slaves and not by any kind of moral imperative that questioned the practice.
Some good articles on the A-B InBev merger can be found here.
The pauses in particular are often prolonged – his 26 seconds on Postmodernism is as follows (the dots indicate the pauses): “Postmodernism obviously comes after modernism ………………………… I wonder what the difference is ……………… perhaps it has something to do with refection”
On arrival, I find Slayer, his face covered in Emulsion (apparently as a cheap alternative to sunscreen) sitting in the outdoor courtyard rocking backwards and forwards on his chair. He looks up, sees me, slips and jams his hand in between his chair and the railings. He ponces a pint off me and then just sits in silence drinking the beer I have just bought him and rubbing his hand. He is clearly in some discomfort.
I met Michael, had a bit of a lighthearted argument with him but that didn't stop him from coming over and cuddling up with me for a picture when someones camera was taking too long. I think he wanted me. You know, in the Biblical sense. That's what I'm going with anyway. Makes for a more fun daydream!
I did have a look at the complete list and unfortunately the majority of the LA countries appear in the Watch List. I found Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Guatemala, Mexico, Peru and even a note regarding the situation of Paraguay, which is in the Monitoring List. Yet, the USTR is pleased to see the progress made by the country and it refers to a case decided in 2011 which obtained the first conviction under its new criminal laws. However, the USTR still has serious concerns regarding piracy and counterfeiting and advice the country to “intensify its customs actions and improve its cooperation with neighbouring countries Brazil and Argentina on cross-border enforcement of IPR.”
'The Mercy' by Beverly Lewis is the third book in The Rose Trilogy. You can read it alone and understand it and even enjoy it, but after reading 'The Mercy' I wish I had read the first twol books in the trilogy first.
As usual, I hope you enjoy.
1382 **D-IV/23/2001. “Statesmanship and Constitutional Law: On the Dragons Among Us.” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(1), above, pp. 546-51.).
Yeah, that sounds mega awesome …
note on age: There isn't any sex or bad language, but the plot is achingly intense at times, the themes are for older readers, and there's some violence. Though the girl with wings on the cover might suggest a fairy story, it isn't, so I wouldn't give this to a pre-teen reader. On the other hand, it would be a good crossover to adults who shy away from YA books. Fans of Margaret Atwood, for instance, might enjoy it. That being said, my husband looked at the wings when I pressed him to read it and did not immediately pounce on the book.
'I thought I was all alone.'
9. Children
Separate all but a small amount of the stock from the fat. Add water if necessary to bring it up to 2 cups.
Southampton grew to manhood and, unlike the poet, was able to fulfill his dreams of military glory. He married, though not the poet's daughter, and himself had a son, in whom perhaps he saw reflected his own youthful beauty, as the poet had predicted. Called back to military action in France in his early fifties after a long period of peace, he died of a fever near the battlefield, five days after the death of his nineteen-year-old son. One can't help but wonder if, tormented by the loss of his son and the approach of the deadly fever, he recalled lines written for him by one long dead who'd loved him long ago. Did he remember as he lay dying:
Somewhere in central Minnesota lives AmyLiz, an artisan with an Etsy shop. Last week, a set of her sage and jute dish cloths popped up in a photo, and I set off in hot pursuit. I bought the ones below, as well as two irresistible sets of chalk-weathered gift tags: the ladies here, and Thank You tags.
We have decided to give this time a chance for these people to show the are a that they can deal with the rise in crime, aggravated attacks, anti-social behaviour and many other social issues facing the area. We feel that their wishy washy mindset and political outlook will do nothing to prevent the problems that our area is facing.
Can't Buy Me Love?
Did you check out NiNoCon this weekend over at Ali Cross' dojo? It was wonderful. If you missed it, you still have time to check out the sessions. There's so much great information over there, it's hard to know where to begin. As part of the con, I sent my query in advance to be reviewed by YA author and query queen Elana Johnson. The good news is that she singled mine out. The bad news is that she basically said it wasn't working at all and that I needed to start from scratch. Won't lie. OUCH.
Zuraida, who has been among those leading PR’s attack on Shahrizat over the National Feedlot Centre (NFC) scandal, slammed the minister for her refusal to relinquish her Wanita Umno post, saying it would have been a good opportunity for her to clean Umno’s tarnished image.
Erin Brockovich is on another crusade to rid America of polluted water.
Arm compatible monitor Microsoft Health vault.The 10 + series of OMRON blood pressure in the arm, he has advanced features to provide users with detailed information to better manage their heart health. Touch of a button, you will find everything you need to know your blood pressure is assured that you get accurate readings, calibration check Cuff by OMRON Guide.The Wrap 10 + monitor arm series offers these key benefits of 10. Calibration Check
Cigarroa’s lone goal came in the opening 20 minutes, on a corner kick that was eventually deposited by Victor Gomez.
Right tower, top to bottom:
against the cold window
She took my arm and we walked slowly toward the curb.
This circle, no matter how small or how big, will become a network of friends old and new that commit to supporting each other and getting to be more than followers, but friends.
6 Symptoms Of A Pharisee
As large as a grapefruit? A DVD? A softball? Just how big is the record-holding hailstone in Colorado? Colorado State University State Climatologist Nolan Doesken can list at least 18 separate reports of hail stones as large as 4.5 inches in diameter, but few have been officially confirmed.
By now I should be well on my way to Cozumel.
So I did it. It was EASY. I didn't miss anything. I wasn't craving anything. I would eat three or four clementines at a time, loving every bite. HUGE salads, of iceberg (love the crunch!), spinach, apples, avocado, lemon juice. And - green smoothies. How I love thee, green smoothie!
What we see with the ALEC cartel is an anti-democratic, self-serving agency wholly controlled, even owned, by the radical conservative billionaire Koch brothers. The entire purpose of ALEC is to prepare legislation designed solely to promote the interests of the very rich and the ultra-conservative, which their legislative sycophants submit without change. No further proof is needed that anti-democratic elements of the extractive society exist even in strong democracies.
As in the Lancashire league the pros are expected to both make runs and take wickets, and, at the end of the day, Cambridge’s pros Zafar Ansari and Paul Best must have been looking forward to a decent collection when the bucket came round. These are the two left arm spinners who we met earlier in the season being set on Kevin Pietersen like a couple of Jack Russells. Since then Ansari has won the Man of the Match award in his 20/20 debut for Surrey. Best we met before at Grace Road locking horns with Taylor et al. while playing for Warwickshire.
Phone: (redacted)
Jesus stares up through watery eyes, "why don't you fcuk off, its harder than it looks, ah fcuk I think Judas saw you chopping Issac we'd better get this body moved or the Romans will be round FCUK THIS HURTS!!!!"
Shadow defence secretary Jim Murphy said it was a "terrible tragedy which will bring profound loss to six families and real hurt to the whole country".
Thank you so much for having me here today!
Other than that it is a fun little book to have in your collection and if you are considering getting a literary tattoo of some kind it is a great place for inspiration, if you don't mind the egos!
Adriana Trigiani novels are the written equivalent of curling up on the sofa with a cup of hot chocolate – undemanding, enjoyable and a treat to be savoured. Highly recommended.
Naming is a complex and foundational topic but we can start by realizing a few concepts. In Genesis 2 God gives humankind the task of naming the animals. About this act Leon Kass, a Jewish professor of Sociology at the University of Chicago in his book The Beginning of Wisdom: Reading Genesis, states:
Later She begs forgives and helps him outside since she cannot find the wrench. He asks if She will kill him. She says "not yet. When the Three Beggars arrive, someone must die." The Three Beggars being a Crow, a Deer and a Fox. The film climaxes when it is suggested She could have saved their son but was more concerned with her own sexual pleasure. Then in the film's most talked about scene she severs her clitoris while masturbating. He finds the wrench after freeing the crow. She stabs him with a pair of scissors and He strangles her. He burns She's body in a funeral pyre outside of the cabin. He then leaves the cabin, walking through the forest as the Three Beggars watch. He then sees hundreds of women walking towards him, their faces blurred.
Two and a half productive hours in the sunshine. The only thing missing was the camera. Sorry.
Source: DPIC, Jan 1. 2012 (currently updating figures)
It seems I've been tagged by that rockin' lady over at Punky Style. So get ready, ladies and gents, for 7 random things about me, even more random than my usual randomness. But first, I must wax on about the rules of this little game, as copy and pasted from Punky:
1 loaf of stale bread watered and squeezed dry.
It's been a weird time since then. He's changed an awful lot. Some funny things have happened. He's switched from just loving women to saying similar stuff about men. At first I thought he was taking the piss.
I suppose the romance among the young cast is still up in the air, but I’m still firmly rooting for WooMin and Soo Hyun & Jinhaeng in the end. While WooMin was my reason for investing viewing hours, the writers have also been unselfish about building up both pairings (even a Siwan & Kyung Pyo combo, LOL), and it’d be hard to ignore all those scenes. I’ve grown fond of Soo Hyun and Jin Haeng, and I’ve been anticipating Jin Haeng’s about face from apathy to reciprocating Soo Hyun’s feelings. There’s a challenge to that process that, as a viewer, I’m looking forward to experiencing with Jinhaeng and Soo Hyun.
Last week I was describing letting go of carrying hatred and rage toward a person who has wronged you by viewing them in terms of who they are. If one can see where someone else is coming from, how it is they came to wrong you, it tends to be a lot easier to let go of the pain they have saddled you with, because, odds are they were saddled with a sort of pain that was probably pretty unfair to begin with. And I talked a bit about my own efforts in forgiving someone who has a great deal of trouble not acting selfishly. I wrote that while at this point in time I’m learning not to carry animosity forward, the first step being to see how much pain that person is in, I also value myself enough not to stick myself in the path of his actions. And I’m disinclined in this moment to physically interact with that person because that person hasn’t learned to deal with his pain in a healthy manor yet, despite forgiving him his actions for my own sake. And if I were to forgive in terms of putting behind me his actions so as to continue a relationship forward, Dr. Laura’s advice below would then become more or less exactly what I would be looking for in order to feel like that person has matured past the problem unfortunately created within him to begin with.
“This is a case of innocence and the abuse of human rights,” Robert King said on the eve of the anniversary. King’s conviction was overturned and he was released in 2001, and he said he fears for his former fellow inmates now bearing in mind that they have spent more than a decade longer in solitary than he did.
ARTFEST was everything and more than I had heard. It's creative, it's magical..it's, it's, it's..hard to explain if you weren't there. The very first day..I dropped my bags in my room and went to check out the upstairs..who's standing there chatting in the Madrona kitchen..OMG..Danielle Daniel and Mindy Lacefield. I'm sure I was standing there dumbfounded it took me so off guard! Meeting so many people that I had known for a long time in online workshops, meeting so many of the fabulous teachers, taking workshops...sitting around discussing our adventures at the end of the day. Our housemates were a wonderful mix of talented artists and amazing women. Ilene Heyman Harris, Megan Thompson, Janna Sammons and her adorable sister in law Betsy, Jaci Swarts, Ronna Perry Currier, Pam Holderman, Elene Nosyreva, Danielle Daniel, Francesca DiLeo, Lyn Tiverten, Carlanda Williamson, Jodi Kincaid and me!
Sleep: still unisom... still every night...
H.R. 4970 will roll back years of progress and bi-partisan commitment on the part of Congress to protect victims of violence. This bill will completely undercut the U visa program and VAWA self-petitioning by eliminating VAWA confidentiality, denying U visa recipients the ability to adjust their status, creating barriers to protection that will deter victims from cooperating with law enforcement, and holding victims of abuse to a higher standard than other applicants for immigration benefits. In short, H.R. 4970 denies victims the very protections created VAWA and even helps perpetrate the abuse from which they are seeking to escape. Tell your Representative to stand up for immigrant victims of violence by saying NO to these bad provisions.
How does this study fit into your body of work/line of research?
On Superbowl Sunday Jaxon got dressed up because his playmate and girlfriend, Holleigh was coming over to watch the game. I have added a few pictures of them together. Holleigh was born the same day as Jaxon, almost exactly 3 hours after him!
It’s nice to see paleontologist get excited by their work. I can see the glee here. On the other hand, I hope Mortimer meant “interpretation,” rather than “manipulation,” and “disaster” may be somewhat exaggerated, especially in light of the new (old to me) evidence presented below. Unfortunately Mortimer did not, or was not able to confirm the original interpretation by Sereno and Novas (1993, Fig. 2), which is still in dispute, according to the images (Figs. 3-5) and the nesting of Herrerasaurus as a basal archosaur, which ALL current studies agree on.
They got to relax at their grandparents house, catch lizards, swim, ride in the golf cart (their very favorite every time!) and visit Mickey and Minnie.
We did a ton of baking this year, sharing with lots of folks. These are cookies that we made to take to some of our neighbors. Since we're in a "transition kitchen", there were several times that I would start projects and then remember that I didn't have my normal tools for the job. The night we decorated these cookies was no exception. However, necessity is the mother of invention and I learned several tricks that work great, including how to make my own colored sugar!
Smell: 5
And what of the third, fourth and fifth parties: the Greens, Liberals and Tories? As the first graph appearing above records, of the three the Conservatives attracted the most first preferences in wards, but only (and only just) saw a single councillor elected to the five each won by the Liberals and Greens. One interesting and significant point of detail: the wards where a party sees a councillor returned do not neatly align with their best first preference performances. For example, the Greens currently have a councillor for Canal ward (on 703 first preference votes) and Southside Central (812), but not a sausage in Langside or Pollokshields, in which they polled initially much more strongly.
* Why do you pray to the Mother Mary and Saints? From my readings of the Bible, it doesn’t say anywhere to do this. The only way to God is through His son, not his mother or saints.
vowels not to sound the same like
14. Temptation
They also compete in triathlons with Rick sitting in a boat for the swim portion, Dick pulls him in a boat with a rope attached to his body. For the cycle portion of the triathlon, Rick rides on the front of a specially designed tandem bike. Then he pushes Rick for the run.
Kaladin shrugged. “I didn’t say Tvlakv isn’t a bastard. He’s just a likeable bastard.” He hesitated, then grimaced. “Those are the worst kind. When you kill them, you end feeling guilty for it.”
1072. Lunch plate of Foccacia, Cheese, Tomatoes @ Mom & Dad’s House (Pottstown, PA) 12:48 p.m.
When Legacy was put down this spring, I was angry, I was furious, I kicked and screamed at the world, completely unable to accept that this was his time. Now, I don’t feel that way. I know it was her time. She has had a good life. I am not angry. Just sad. And at the same time, I am honored to have known her. I am honored that I get to raise her wonderful foal.
And last, but certainly not least, a big thank you to Amy Stahl at Frost it Pink for sponsoring the Tea Room challenge last week and supply a lovely prize for our winner!!
Source: Crime Expo South Africa
And as Mr Arun Doraisamy, the NIAT Secretary pointed out, since 2008 there have been a long parade of controversies resulting from the Education Ministry. From the reversal of the PPSMI policy and the ensuing battle with PAGE, to the rising number of racial incidences in schools, to the schools problematic & ideologically slanted History syllabus, to the reduction of the number of subjects allowed to be taken for SPM, and many other issues. The Education Ministry (and by extension the Education Minister) has shown itself to be blatantly incompetent and dangerously ideological.
He can sing and spin a yarn on just about any thing. This show featured a number of tid bits about Minneapolis and some terrific music by the Steele sisters. Have a listen if you like.
Prior to the opening of Quotidian Theatre Company’s next play, Brian Friel’s Irish drama Dancing at Lughnasa, several actors in the cast are writing here about various experiences they have during the rehearsal process. All previous posts can be found here.
This complex tapestry of intimate and rewarding friendships with other women is the backdrop to my daily existence. When I need to talk to someone about family problems, its women that I turn to. When I’m broke and running out of food, it’s women who have taken me shopping and given me money to tide me over. When I have a wedding to organise, it’s women who step up to the mark and make it happen. Every significant event in my life involves other women, surrounding me, helping me, plotting and planning and getting things done.
“If I comprehend the matter rightly, he was on his own land when we saw him.”
Hearts On Noses has an article in a Polish publication this month so if anyone can translate the article for me by even reading it out loud to me drop me a line!!
Prom night is a most important event or culture specially in young generation.Specially girls love to make themselves perfect and beautiful so that there partner can not get a eye from them.on prom night Party prom dresses and prom hairstyles plays most important look in making your personality attractive.
One of the questions analysts asked Apple's CEO Tim Cook during the financial results call yesterday was for his views on the future for a converged device such as a cleverly designed notebook pc that can also be used as a tablet. Analysts and many parts of the media just don't seem to understand that it isn't about what it's possible to build (however cleverly). It is about the user experience. Time and time again this mistake is made by forecasters and pundits. Within Apple, it is ingrained corporate understanding.
Monday started off as any other Monday for me. Wake up, eat some breakfast, shower, and head to work. The only problem is that my car apparently wanted the day off. Trudged back inside, called son the mechanic to make arrangements for car problem, then called taxi to ferry my ass to work that day. Relatively cheap repair as the shop where my son works gives healthy discounts to family members. Car tow, new starter, and new oil pan gasket replaced for less than $260.00. (Apparently small oil leak from oil pan shorted out starter.)
I am going to bake you a retard cake and buy you a new helmet.
Dec 04, 2011 - 10:30 AM ET/PT
Or like the cat that hunts mice, do I not have a choice,
I'm so happy with how it turned out, that I think I will make another one in a slightly different shape!
2. SOCIAL SECURITY: I do not care to hear anymore about what anyone “thinks” about social security or what “buzzwords” they have used to classify it. I don’t want to hear about what Mitt’s book or Rick’s book or Ron Paul’s imaginary friend has said about it. Say this:
I thought the best way to reach you would be via email. I acknowledge it is a little unorthodox. The message would be appropriate for this. It has been a month since we last talked. The last time we talked was Easter Sunday.
Mickey...Toni Basil
Hops: Northern Brewer, Fuggles, other unidentified hops. Dry-hopped with Fuggles.
tonight is a haloed crescent moon blurred by clouds. i love the dead seasons but i’m looking forward to this spring.
One Family Sized Can of Cream of Chicken Soup
It was cold here Saturday, and perhaps I could have made it down the driveway and back up again but when we woke this morning, it was a sheet of solid ice and by mid-morning, I knew I wouldn’t be going anywhere. I busied myself with housekeeping, a little knitting, some reading, and some bird watching out my kitchen window with my trusty camera at my side.
“Drop It Like It’s Hot”
So there are several key differences with Obama. To start, Reagan was talking about simplifying the tax code, whereas Obama’s Buffett Rule would add another layer of complexity. Reagan was arguing for allowing people to keep more of their own money and reduce the burden of government. By contrast, Obama is arguing for instituting the Buffett Rule so that more money is available to pay for government programs.
I think this is exactly what applies to having a character be “universal.” In other words–you can just say “I’m going to write a universal character!” but rather that what you have to do is write a character that is so true to him- or herself and so realistic that people will then recognize themselves (or at least aspects of themselves) in that character–thereby creating the universality.
“In an industry like fashion, people always behave badly around you, but if you resolve to become a spiritual warrior, you learn to laugh and laugh, knowing that other people don’t define you and the ultimately their behavior is just helping you work out your own shit.”
invites:
Holly Cupala has officially established herself as being an incredible writer of tough subjects, first with Tell Me a Secret and now with Don't Breathe a Word. She writes with such vivid prose, throwing the reader straight into tough situations and holds absolutely nothing back. She writes with such raw honesty that even the most close-minded readers will find their thoughts challenged, if not changed completely.
Bang on! It delivered the promise between an author and a reader – You give me your time & money, I will give you experience and entertainment.
On Saturday we took our nephew, Seth, to Bucyrus, Ohio to the Elkhorn Lake Hunt Club to their Family Field Day. Each year on the 4th Saturday in September they put together a hands-on day for kids and adults to help introduce them to the outdoors and outdoor safety. We have been several times a volunteers for the archery range but this was the first time we have gone as actual participants. Basically you are broken up into groups and you spend 45 minutes at each station. The stations this year were archery, rifles, boating safety, fishing, shotguns, and making a turkey call. We even had Elk stew for lunch.....yum! Here are some pictures of our day.
+13 27 26.68 , +79 10 30.74
okay...click the picture...!!!
Enjoy. For tomorrow, some of us will recite three hail Marys, followed by a strict diet...for the rest of us, there's always next Monday.
"tanks" (thanks)
“There’s nothing here but me. No treasure, no Marian apparition, no sex party. I know I’m not exactly what you are looking for, but I have a lot of interesting things to share.”
It is the set of laws that govern the earth
It was longer than the one I did last year (a 500m swim, 18 mile bike, and 5K run vs a 225m swim, 10 mile bike, and 2 mile run) and harder but I was so much better prepared. Well, I say prepared, but in actuality I (and the rest of my class) was prepared to do a 400m swim and 15 mile bike ride as their website advertised...we were all thrown a bit today when we heard that the distances were actually further than we thought. But no one chickened out and we all finished!
So this is what you'll need to make your own:
Yay! New books!! I love this time of week so that I can share my excitement over the most current books and bookie things with you! I am starting this new weekly post, appropriately titled Weekly Roundup. In this vlog I share the latest news on the blog, as well as the books received. So let’s get started, yes?
So to recap - things that make me happy - books, the brothers, and alone time that allowed me to read a 671 page book in two and a half days. Because seriously, that hasn't happened since Connor was born.
I was really disappointed that Tim and Mum and Dad missed it because i think that without doing the Rim Walk there is not all that much to Kings Canyon. The Riverbed walk is not really worth the massive drive out there to get to it but seeing the canyon from the top, and seeing it at sunrise, was absolutely magic.
Colonel Calixto Villacorta, receiving the word that the Spaniards was not surrendering used canons. It damaged but failed to topple the church.
of a Sunday morning, organ playing
When it comes to gaming, the Nvidia Tegra 2 has no trouble keeping animations and gameplay on simple games like Angry Birds and Draw Something smooth and accessible.
Ah writing, the therapy session without the time restriction, the fantasy boyfriend who asks, “What are you thinking about?” The mother that tells me to keep trying, the father that tells me to prove…EVERYTHING.
To save my sanity, and make it a more reasonable challenge, I'm limiting myself to the "classic" GBV era (pre-Cobra Verde musicians, ending approximately with the 1996 LP Under The Bushes Under The Stars. No slight on the latter lineup, because the couple times I saw that lineup live they did bring it, but any GBV fan knows that the soul of the band died, or dimmed, when guitarist/foil Tobin Sprout left after the '96 LP.
obligated to be in an intimate relationship.Intimacy forces you to keep digging, searching,
I’ve gotten in a rut with making the same old stuff and if I don’t like the idea of the old stuff then we starve. Ok, not really. We end up spending money on some so-so take out. So I’ve been trying to find new dinner recipes.
Yield : 25 cookies
- Need a sword?
He was dying and didn't want
This is my 491st post. At post 500, I will select a winner for a nice giveaway. Any comments left until then is a chance to win! I appreciate your visits!
In this case, information about human trafficking was nationally spread within one week.
Anyway. I started this post around 4:00 this afternoon and six hours later I'm only this far, so I'm going to stop here. Just wanted to say we're alive. I haven't read any blogs for weeks, but I still think about many of the little fams that I used to keep up with out there, and I hope you are well. I will be back, hopefully sooner than later!
Last night we visited the new baby. It was not as painful as I had anticipated. Obviously I loved her the second I held her and I did not want to let her go, which I didn't, apart from letting Hubby have a quick hold. I thought I dealt with it really well...
Ugh, Ikea. Why is it so hard for you to create something that is true white and not your crappy cream/beige/offwhite shade? The frames look a lot worse in person than this picture shows. They might as well be yellow against white walls.
I have to say one of the things that really annoys me is the fact that the design team is now on the customer service case. Don't get me wrong, but I love the DT. They are great bunch of ladies with lots of inspiration. But they are the DT. They should never be more or less. If PTI has CS issues, then they should be hiring more people fit for the job. Why is it that the DT is relaying information from the forum in the first place. Why are people getting answers on the forum and not over CS emails that is dedicated for the job? I can only speculate that the DT was brought back in to add a bit more positive vibe to the forum (when they all suddenly show up on the forum, it's kind of obvious something happened behind the scenes). In truth, I just find it all very superficial. And btw, don't you also think that having the DT on the forums answering CS questions has turned the forum into another CS desk? What's with that?
He told Me they were the keepers of the story, telling generation after generation the legends and history of the Forest.
In addition to the many feral (run-wild) domestic dogs of relatively recent origin and varied appearance present throughout New Guinea, there may still exist in the more lofty reaches of its eastern highlands a very primitive canine form of much greater antiquity and well-defined morphology – the New Guinea singing dog.
It all started when I began fearing for my car. In recent months, the Reynoldsburg Walmart parking lot has become a teeming Thug Central, and My-Husband-The-Cop doesn’t like me shopping there, what with the auto thefts and car-jackings and stabbings and whatnot. He’s funny like that.
The bathroom? Confusing! Leanne told me it was confusing when she went (she had to have someone tell her where the door was). She told me you have to push where you can see the door outline. So when I had to go to the bathroom I thought,” Psh, I thought, I got this!” Wrong friendo!
Still, there's an opportunity in this setback. Now is the time for feminism to reach out to black women via the contingent of Obama-esque overachievers out there who ought to be chilled to the bone by Michelle's retirement from work of her own.
No one told me of the pain which often accompanies such things.
- Philippine Azkals
After rereading this piece that I did, I realized that I’m actually sort of impressed by what my 17 year old self did. I was at a very dark time in my life. I realize that sounds so stereotypical teenager-y – but it’s true. The funny thing is though that when I look back, it was also one of the best times of my life too.
Living in the San Francisco Bay Area, I know full well how intolerant, hateful, and perverse the Left are. But this is outrageous even for the Bay Area!
Ted sits us down and says seriously "You two are going to be my new team. I need Sales and Sales support" (Marketing I mutter) Ted ignores me, "110% focused on the job. Therefore we are creating a new role. The new person will take over some of the easy renewal sales from Jamie and assist Kate with the marketing."
Have a great day! Hug the busiest person you know. Remind them to take a moment to share a hug!
Sayli BS. Low frequency of infertility among workers in a borate processing facility. Biol Trace Elem Res 2003; 93: 19-30.
:: I added a .5 inch to the length so I could fold under a .5 inch & create a seam similar to the Abby Jacket (the mitten pattern calls for zigzagging the raw edge)
Textron’s Cessna Aircraft believes its agreement with Aviation Industry Corporation of China (Avic) will position the company to become a dominant player in the burgeoning Chinese aviation market, says Textron chief Scott Donnelly, dismissing concerns that the technology transfer involved could come with intellectual property risks.
Hines’ arrest report said an argument between the groups involved the younger golfers driving, drinking and “malingering” on the greens.
So I just finishes reading Aspect of Crow a little while ago. It is written by Jeri-Smith Ready, and I have to say that it is one of the most well written books I have ever read. It isn’t as cliche as I thought it was going to be when I had first started to read it, and I can’t really compare it to anything I’ve ever read. It is definitely a category of it’s own. The thought put behind the different “Aspects” is definitely something to appreciate. I won’t go into too many details, because when I get started describing things, I tend to spoil it, so here are my thoughts, even if no one really cares.
Library Director
They were an aunt and uncle who were born in the 1920s. They grew up in deep poverty during the great depression. According to legend, their families were often to be found out on the streets of NYC with their meager belongings, having been thrown out of their tenement apartments. Then they would rent other apartments and be out on the street again in 60 days, having, once again, not been able to pay the rent.
3M
D. N.J. - 38.5%
That said - this particular angel is welcome to keep watch over me for as long as it damn well pleases.
What I’d really want to say is that I’m not sure if I’m a good writer. My spelling is bad. Sometimes my sentences are too long. Sometimes I make errors like mixing up its and it’s. I know the difference, but sometimes I don’t notice these errors, so I guess I should revise like a lot. I like revising, but sometimes when you read something over and over again, your brain goes on auto-correct, and you don’t realize that you corrected the error in your head, but not on your computer.
Cats will overeat and cry for food even when they aren't actually hungry. So it is up to the humans to make sure they get what is best for them.
I created a few 8x8 layouts and one of them was of my husband and I in Napa for our 10 year wedding anniversary. Here are some pictures below. I love the Le Romantique paper collection. It's so pretty and "romantic"! Click HERE for my blog post with additional details and pictures.
Do any of you have these colours too? Don’t be scared to try them, they’re amazing!
This is the second time in about two weeks that someone has emailed me their i live here:SF story to me and I've read it on my iPhone, crying, in a public place. The other person was Mike. I'm so touched how beautiful (and beautifully written) some of these stories are, and then so blown away by what people want to share with me, and you, by proxy.
We arrived on the weekend and things were looking fantastic, the apartment was spacious and so beautifully decorated, I was in bliss and I swore this was a new, cool way travel. But come Monday morning we were awoken by loud drilling and banging resonating in our bones. Yep, The host neglected to tell us the apartment downstairs was undergoing heavy construction.
in my opinion, is a resistance by my family to confront problems,
Bag bag
a little piece of ass or sometheen… But…I’ve seen beyond.
Tupper followed his daytime guardian, taking care not to let his hair get caught in overhanging branches. His last haircut had been near the end of the previous summer, so his white-blond curls were becoming difficult to manage. He sometimes wondered if he could buck Flox tradition and let his hair grow out as long as Freydolf’s, but the boy knew his mother wouldn’t stand for it. The next time he visited home, he was sure to be shorn.
You can not possibly claim with any credibility that this is a non-heritage part of the city Mister Mayor, and you should not spread those lies any longer. It is really not acceptable that you justify your wrong decision to go ahead with buildings of excessive, and out of scale, height and bulk, by claiming they do not impact on Fremantle’s heritage.
In The Russian Revolution, Rose Luxemburg wrote, “The freedom of speech is meaningless unless it means the freedom of the person who thinks differently.” She was speaking of the systematic persecution of those who were critical of the Bolshevik suspension of democracy that followed the 1917 revolution, but her maxim aptly lends itself to the struggle over historical narrative that persists in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Anakin Skywalker was a real wimp as a kid, wasn't he?
However remembering names is only part of the problem. The name usually needs to be associated with a face. Linking the mnemonic to an image of the individual will work, if you can do it. Another technique that was advocated by the famous mnemonist Harry Lorayne was to link the mnemonic to something conspicuous or salient in the person’s face.
1 1/3 cup flour
The animals were pretty active. The polar bears and wolves were actually running around.
Don Quixote Volney stands by his comments….he says the media too slack…and he have all the information at hand to make the claims he making…..Kamla, all yuh really know how to pick them, oui!
Every year 15 young men, and very recently women, have been inducted into The Order from Yale students since 1832. Who selects them? A study of the career trajectories of many of those ‘chosen’ shows how they rise to prominence in American life and how their peers ensure these men penetrate the very fabric of important US institutions. They are always there in key positions during war and peace, manipulating and watching ceaselessly.
I just bought this with the WNDR 3700 router from Netgear and it is as though they are made for each other. No dropped connections, exceptional speed. I sit on the 2nd floor and my router is on the first floor about 100 ft away in a straight line and I can still use the full N speeds. Again this is the new adapter – the one with the light on the top. Make sure you are buying this one, the earlier one has…
People often say that if there is a cryptid in a lake why haven’t more people seen the creature and more often as well. If the body of water is anything like Lake Windermere, I can fully understand why this creature would be so rarely seen. Unlike North American lakes, access to the shore around Lake Windermere is extremely difficult. True, there are a number of piers from which you can board tour boats of the lake, but most of the shoreline – particularly at the southern end – is inaccessible.
Nunca supe que había falsía,
The medium mentioned above can be a hand skill or technique (i.e. a new type or style of illustration, photography, video or film. It can also be a new computer software or technique.) This opens up the door to a huge variety of possibilities. We had some very interesting solutions and I applaud each of you for pushing yourselves beyond your personal comfort zone.
well, in lieu of my blog’s first birthday (YAY!)–an adventure i started not exactly knowing where it would go or who i’d meet along the way–i’ve decided i’d like to take it more seriously, for myself and all you lovely & supportive readers and blogging gurus out there.
When ready to roll, heat enough oil in a pan. Keep the fire on medium heat and wait for it to reach the right temperature.
Olsen J. Risk of exposure to teratogens amongst laboratory staff and painters. Dan Med Bull 1983; 30: 24-28.
Back home, everything was back to normal until Iheard the following piece of news in the evening radio. Those were the days former Prime Minister Rajiv’s assassins were at large.
½ oz. Tabasco sauce
Since being inside was not productive, and concentration impossible, I decided the best use of my time would be spent in the yard. Spring is a time of many chores in Zone 7. Many. Not the least of which is mulching. Over the three mornings I trimmed hedges, pulled weeds, dead headed flowers and then raked and hauled. Then raked and hauled some more. Progress felt good but as I was working I realized this long term, unrelenting drought was already causing signs of distress around our property.
1. Weight Loss: Drinking water helps you lose weight better than anything else in the world. Water flushes down the by-products of fat breakdown. Drinking water can also reduce hunger and acts as an appetite suppressant so you’ll eat less. Water has also has zero calories.
Like Cranberries & Brie on Lemon Thins. This is a great idea for leftover cranberry sauce. Just spoon some of your leftover cranberries over a chunk of brie (this particular photo has my Cabernet Cranberry Sauce) and serve it with Meyer Lemon Cookie Thins. I found my cookie thins at Trader Joe's, but you can find other brands at the 'regular' grocery store.
between poems, which I can relate to,
An alternative, of course, is that there really is nothing left in the locker - that this is the last, despairing fling to stave off the inevitable. But, with their Houdini-like skills for escaping from impossible situations, it is hard to believe that. It is all very well, therefore, for these clever people pontificating about how bad the bailout deal is, and how certain it is to fail. Even the dimmest of us knows that by now. Thus, the question stands: what have we missed?
Next I headed to Joann's and picked up the rest of my supplies:
We enter the gardens surrounding Pembroke Lodge, a stately Georgian mansion once the residence of John Russell, 1st Earl Russell, twice Prime Minister in the mid 19th century, and his son the philosopher Bertrand Russell. Home to GCHQ’s Phantom Squad in the Second World War, the Lodge is now a popular wedding venue, and one such event is under way, smart soldiers in full dress uniform being photographed, as we climb the steps up from the Dell onto the terrace to the west of the house.
I asked who it was. She told me the name. It was a little rich girl at school who always got what she wanted. And now she had my dress too. I was heartbroken and I started to cry. My Mom assured me that we could find another dress. But of course I didn't want another dress. I wanted that dress. I left the store completely defeated.
Schlangenbad: "The baths are beautifully arranged and have a great reputation for quieting and strengthening the nervous system, and are resorted to very much by hysterical ladies"
Do you feel … stop all things
DLF Place Saket is celebrating April 2012 as the ‘Denim Cult’ month. The kickoff to this month long celebration of the mall, was a fashion show in association with GRAZIA. The fashion show was exclusively styled by GRAZIA with apparels and accessories from the participating brands of DLF mall :: Clarks, ONLY, Levis, Uni Style Image, Jack & Jones, Indian Terrain, GAS, UCB, Blacksoul & Elle showcased their latest and hippest denim collections of the season.
SCHRAAG J. Occupational health: a shot in the arm?
Finally, the main point is that when clubs kick out the cunts from upstairs will come back and decide to carry on with their night further into the small hours and interrupt my sleep. I'd accept this if it were at the weekend but midweek when I have work the next morning really is shit. Like having till 3am isn't enough to work with? Instead they have to fuck up the sleep of everyone around them.
Animal Collective - Sung Tongs - 2004
Recept: Oh dear, it's on my desk. I guess I forgot to read it.
Liberals at home, often accused of being pro-Communist or insufficiently anti-Communist, are kept continuously on the defensive in a cultural milieu in which anticommunism is the dominant religion. If they allow communism, or something that can be labeled communism, to triumph in the provinces while they are in office, the political costs are heavy. Most of them have fully internalized the religion anyway, but they are all under great pressure to demonstrate their anti-Communist credentials. This causes them to behave very much like reactionaries. Their occasional support of social democrats often breaks down where the latter are insufficiently harsh on their own indigenous radicals or on popular groups that are organizing among generally marginalized sectors. In his brief tenure in the Dominican Republic, Juan Bosch attacked corruption in the armed forces and government, began a land-reform program, undertook a major project for mass education of the populace, and maintained a remarkably open government and system of effective civil liberties. These policies threatened powerful internal vested interests, and the United States resented his independence and the extension of civil liberties to Communists and radicals. This was carrying democracy and pluralism too far. Kennedy was “extremely disappointed” in Bosch’s rule, and the State Department “quickly soured on the first democratically elected Dominican President in over thirty years.” Bosch’s overthrow by the military after nine months in office had at least the tacit support of the United States. Two years later, by contrast, the Johnson administration invaded the Dominican Republic to make sure that Bosch did not resume power. The Kennedy liberals were enthusiastic about the military coup and displacement of a populist government in Brazil in I964. A major spurt in the growth of neo-Fascist national-security states took place under Kennedy and Johnson. In the cases of the U.S. subversion of Guatemala, I947-54, and the military attacks on Nicaragua, I98I-87, allegations of Communist links and a Communist threat caused many liberals to support counterrevolutionary intervention, while others lapsed into silence, paralyzed by the fear of being tarred with charges of infidelity to the national religion.
This movie is about risk. And decision-making. And animal nature…our own.
Shad took Chandler to his first Father & Sons camping trip in May. Shad's rule is that he will take the boys when they are potty trained. I guess he doesn't want diaper duty while he is with "the guys". Chandler had a blast. It was a little cold, but I think they had a good time.
In law we are responsible for our actions. If one has a car the owner is responsible for it and has a duty to it. We have to say to ourselves we have inherited this nation and culture and have a responsibility for it and a duty to it. Immigrants are sojourners. They do not have the same relation to our land. In 1914, people went to war because they thought the country was under threat and it was their duty to defend it. Progressives think we can transcend these deep and strong emotional bonds with our own kin and territory. They can not understand it because in their minds they have separated the two. Progressives think you can train and coerce people into giving up emotional bonding with their nation, community and their land.
Tomorrow I will be positive. Tomorrow I will be nice to a foreigner. Tomorrow I will go to the gym. Tomorrow I will drive to work and not consider running over people. Tomorrow will be better. You'll see.
Am I engaging in false hysteria? Not every movie has a strong lead character. A lot of movies are about weakness or mediocrity or foolishness. In fact, the top romantic comedies in the Rotten Tomatoes list I spoke of in the earlier post are often about inadequate men. So, maybe it’s just the nature of the comedy beast.
(BARACK snurfles, then opens his eyes. He nudges MICHELLE.)
Kasztner versus Schindler
vs California 10 - 0 W Sep 28 vs Northwestern 10 - 9 W Oct 5 at Ohio State 20 - 20 T Oct 12 vs Minnesota 16 - 6 W Oct 19 at UCLA 18 - 12 W Oct 25 vs Purdue 41 - 21 W Nov 2 vs Michigan 8 - 14 L Nov 9 at Wisconsin 17 - 7 W Nov 16 at Michigan State 13 - 0 W Nov 28 1963-64 Rose Bowl vs Washington 17 - 7 W Jan 1, 1964 Previously unbeaten, #2 Illinois had an 8-7 lead with minutes left in a game at home against Michigan, when a fumble gave the Wolverines the ball 11 yards from goal, setting up Mel Anthony's winning score for a 14-8 upset. I do believe the illini would have won the national championship against Texas but never happened bummer.
The storyline is remarkably intriguing and is exceptionally simple. Through the lead – Holden’s aimless two-day wonder, with his unique perspective, attitude and his speech patterns, presents thoughts and psychological feelings of an adolescent realistically. When it was published in the States in 1951, it set off a ‘Catcher’s Cult’ , the reaction from public was polarized – it was listed as a forbidden book, has been selected as teaching materials and also, a novel which millions or more people have read. Holden disliked and tried to resist this hypocritical society, he was unprepared to the world of grown-ups and paid homage to the happiness in being a child.
No, I’ve been thinking about this issue because of Sean Harris, a pastor in North Carolina. You might have heard of this guy. He recently told his congregation that they should punch kids for acting gay. (Audio is here. You should listen, because the real horror of it will hit you then.)
11 – Lodz Sportshall, Lodz, Poland (Pat O’Brien, guest guitarist)
Complete elucidation of the heat source remains a significant outstanding problem
My grandmother, who stayed at my cousin Linda's house (she lives two or three houses over from my great-grandmother's house) arrived in Gaspe this day, the Thursday, and after spending some time at Linda's, saw our car here and headed over to say hello. It was a very grey day though, it was raining off and on (making picture taking risky), and I was suffering from truly horrible allergies, so we didn't stay very long.
My only release from this pain is when I quit or get fired, which puts me into a different state of pain where even fewer of my needs are met, and then the cycle begins all over again.
4 Badlands
58With all this going for us, my dear, dear friends, stand your ground. And don't hold back. Throw yourselves into the work of the Master, confident that nothing you do for him is a waste of time or effort.
What does the passive voice do? It slows down your action and it will turn off a reader in a heartbeat. How do you get into the passive voice? It’s when you add ING to the end of a verb. It is always much better to use active verbs such as run, walk, climb…rather than running, walking or climbing.
Marxism is not a mere economic system. Rather, it is a belief in a comprehensive historical theory of the world. In other words, according to Marxism, everything that has happened in the past, is happening now and will happen in the future is part of a predetermined and unstoppable "historical process."
We also got to hang out with cousin Charleigh quite a bit as well! We had a great time (despite that terrible South Florida heat.)
Markowitz's remarks
And when it’s cold out, I’d call it Climate Change instead.
Let me frame this story by saying that the Wolf has never been to Cleveland, but he was an instant fan after 2 1/2 hours aboard this cruise.
His face broke the surface, and Jonathan sucked in a deep breath. He shivered and wrapped his arms around his torso, kicking as fast as his tired limbs could to stay afloat. Where were his clothes? Oh yeah. They were ripped to pieces when he morphed into that giant bird. And now
How was I to know to say goodbye?
Ravelry Boohaha Feh-stival
Now a derelict. Just a has-been.
Like Debi, I have not done one of these for a very long time. I thought they had become extinct but, like some species thought to be lost to this world, the 'meme' or 'tag' is still alive and kicking (even if only rather feebly). So this is for you, Debi .....
of cops: An hour there to sleep perchance
Another Valentine's Day themed manicure! It was originally planned to be all 5 nails with a masked splatter design, but it just didn't look right, so I decided to change it up a bit. I loved how the thumbnail turned out, so I kept that splatter pattern, and changed the other nails. I had an idea a while back to do heart shaped leopard spots for Valentine's day, so I did that on the index finger, a varying thickness line-based heart for the middle finger, stitched hearts over glitter for the ring finger, and the way I draw hearts when I write them on paper. :)
“Who’s Kym Humphries?” asked my husband.
LOPEZ: Thank you, Wolf. I’m joined now by Elizabeth Cuevas- Neunder. She is the CEO and founder of the Puerto Rican Chamber of Commerce in Florida. She is based out of Tampa.
When my son finished college, he brought home a pet tortoise. The turtle's name is Sticky and I have inherited him. Last week, my son cleaned his tank and set him outside to crawl around. Well, Sticky disappeared. We thought he would move so slowly that he couldn't have gotten far. Well, it was so hot outside, that Sticky headed for the shade. He crawled under some bushes and we really couldn't find him. I was starting to get worried, but using a shovel, I lifted several bushes and there he was, chillin'.
MSR Mugmate
Moving right along to the subject of Dhyana/Meditation… I don’t always MAKE time to slow down and enjoy my seat.
How about this?
Emma Svensson (19)
There were definately baby ducks in there...you could see their heart beating and the outlines of their little beaks!
Your lips whisper so tenderly
My broken blood runs through your veins
Today, unexpectedly, I was reminded of what we lose.
Close combat weapons have a range of 2 inches. If at least one figure from the active unit is within that distance from an enemy, they can fight using CC weapons. When a unit attacks with CC weapons, the whole unit fights (not only the ones 2 inches from an enemy). Also, every model from the target unit gets to fight back.
Who is trusting Him that all 220 children will be starting school in January? This sister.
6. (C) PM Meles’ effort to obtain a consensus authorization from Parliament to employ "all means necessary" to counter the threat in Somalia was rebuffed Nov. 30 by the majority of opposition MPs. While the EPRDF passed the resolution by a comfortable margin, 99 MPs from the CUDP, UEDF and OFDM blocs (or roughly one-fourth of the House of People’s Representatives’ 426 members) voted against the resolution. While initially pleased about being consulted, Opposition leaders later criticized the GOE’s insistence on mentioning both Eritrea and internal insurgency groups the OLF and ONLF in its draft resolution. The opposition argued that the claims of internal groups should be addressed through negotiations, rather than lumping them together with external threats. UEDF leader Beyene Petros indicated privately to Pol/Econ Counselor that pressure from Oromo constituents of his ally, the Oromo National Congress (ONC) prevented him from accepting this point. The OLF, for its part, issued a statement Dec. 4 criticizing Parliament’s approval of the
Next Issue: Geoffrey Lewis, Linda Hunt, Indians, sickness and NUNS WITH GUNS!!!
Know this – if God encounters you – it is for a purpose. Deuteronomy 29:29 tells us this; The secret things belong to the LORD our God, but the things revealed belong to us and to our sons forever, that we may observe all the words of this law. God always has a purpose when he encounters us and a message that is meant directly for us. God’s message will be one where we are encouraged to obey God and observe what he tells us to do. When you encounter God – He is going to give you a message that will give you purpose in life! He has a purpose for you so find it and live in that purpose!
More than thirty-five years ago, Gordon Meyers, an aspiring writer with a low number in the draft lottery, packed his belongings and reluctantly drove away, leaving behind Glenna Rising, the sexy, sharp-witted med student he couldn’t imagine living without.
Although a bipartisan tactic (because it works), the most enthusiastic application of this appears (for now) on the right. As in the lies about Obama’s birth certificate. More importantly and astonishingly, they consistently describe Obama as a radical leftist. While bizarrely false, repetition works! On sheep.
According to the report, 15 million babies a year are born prematurely worldwide, which amounts to more than 1 in 10 live births. In the US, that rate stands at about 1 in 8 live births, which is almost twice as high as in Sweden.
onto Pinterest...
TWO tables full of family and friends at my house for Thanksgiving dinner
Regardless, this was not a realization I was terribly comfortable with addressing directly, rather that the oblique fashion I had always approached it with in the past. I like superhero comics. I think great things can be done within the genre while still using the conventions of that genre (while still allowing us to twist and break those conventions as we please). Yet I increasingly have no desire to read superhero comics… because there’s only so much of the same shit, different day I can stomach.
I was hoping Branaugh would push against the confines of Marvel expectations, providing dramatic flourishes, colophons and curlicues, touches of Tom O’Bedlam, Bottom or even King Lear. Something to let us know that a human being directed this movie! That there’s an intelligence, somewhere in the machine. Nolan and Raimi figured out how to do it, as did Favreau, Donner, and Burton, too. Branaugh, with his absurdly high brow resume, should have figured it out. But he didn’t. He doesn’t seem lost, exactly, but more absent. He’s been scrubbed by the abrasive scouring pads of big money.
Under My Thumb
The latest group to fall victim to the siren song of interactivity is Canoe Ventures, a consortium of Comcast, Time Warner Cable, and four other cable companies that tried to resurrect ITV. Last week they shut their doors and laid off 120 people.
Tip #3 Choose healthier popcorn toppings – use lower sodium popcorn - instead of adding salt or a popcorn salt - try adding a salt substitute such as a low sodium seasoning or a salt free popcorn seasoning. This will help turn an otherwise high sodium snack into a much more heart healthy snack.
Here´s a close up of her:
Event hours are Noon to 9 p.m. Friday and Saturday, and Noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. Admission into the event is free. The purchase of a $6 reusable, compostable cornstarch glass is required for tasting beer, as are tokens, which sell for $1 apiece. A full glass of beer or cider costs four tokens and a four-ounce taste costs one token; select beers cost double tokens. Patrons receive a $1 discount toward the tasting glass with a validated MAX ticket, a ticket from the onsite bike corral, or three cans of food for the Oregon Food Bank. The festival benefits the Leukemia Lymphoma Society and the Oregon Food Bank.
“Whoa geez, huh, whoops, oh well, oops, sorry, ha ha wait again?, ok just…, my bad?”
My back. I have lost another 1”. That is 2.25” in about 5 years. I have problems with my lower back and the compression stuff doesn’t have much cushion anymore. There is nothing we are going to do about this. I do not take medicine unless I have to but when it gets to the point I can’t handle it anymore then we’ll talk. The exercising will help and has helped so will just keep working on that. See, I can handle that…at least for now. So we then talked about….
She makes her way to the city in the white Mercedes,
The rise of this term to its present popularity in green circles has a history worth noting. A year or two ago, the word “sustainability” began to lose its privileged place in the jargon of the time, as it began to sink in that no matter how much manhandling was applied to that much-abused term, it couldn’t be combined with the phrase “modern middle-class lifestyle” without resulting in total absurdity. Enter “resilience,” as another way to talk about what too many people nowadays want to talk about, generally to the exclusion of more useful conversations: the pretense that a set of lifestyles, social habits, and technologies that were born in an age of unparalleled extravagance can be maintained as the material basis for that extravagance trickles away.
Thank goodness its Friday… time
Following is the SongFest 2012 concert schedule. All concerts are free and open to the public. Updated concert and class information can be found at www.songfest.us.
Deciding to string him along for a while, I wrote to ask which publishing industry trade organization it was. This produced a blustery and not entirely straightforward response. He was "not allowed to disclose that during an open investigation." I, on the other hand, should hold myself to a different set of ethics: "Since you report this information, please follow the industry standard of reporters in providing these types of background details upon request."
Above, the pagan mystic and occulted mass murderer General Suharto of Indonesia. In March 1968, CIA backed general took power and instituted a “New Order” in Indonesia.[83] The killing led by General Suharto began in October 1965 when tens of thousands of Communist Party of Indonesia (PKI) cadre and supporters were rounded up at night, detained, and executed.[84]
Cybermuumy was the most extraordinary day. Don't get me wrong. I LOVED it. But there was that non-stop feeling of having to be Engaged in Lively Talk and looking like you're having a Great Time. And that was hard work.
I open the door! And you guessed it out bounded an excited Golden Retriever named Molly!
“We wanted to celebrate China,” Mr. Tian said. “I think that’s understandable.”
Now, I will admit, I am a pessimist when it comes to hype, and I scoffed at the mere thought of people rubbing the diapers on their face due to the softness, but, I did it too. They are BUTTER soft! (Yes, even after washing!) They had the internal gussets to maintain Abby's EBF poo, and Maddi's teething poo, and even better, sprayed off easily before the teething issues got here! They wash super well, wear great, and dry fast! I have no idea what magic spell they put on these things when they make them, but it worked! As you can see, there is plenty of room for them to both grow into the diapers, and plenty of room for them to be smaller in them with the crossover tabs. I wish all diapers had these! They have recently introduced snaps (with crossover snaps) to their line-up for those of you who prefer snaps, all though, the aplix they have used has not created diaper chains in my laundry, filled with lint, or fuzzed up over the time that I have used them, and that use has been heavy! These diapers are SUPER trim as well! Just check out the plumber shot!
It was a great swap idea...Lisa sent paper and embellishments to each participant, and we would make a card with what she sent and return them to her. There were 6 participants per round, but we only made 5 cards (we didn't receive our own back).
Its website, www.nefariousdocumentary.com, explains its mission and the organization behind the documentary: “Exodus Cry is an international anti-trafficking organization committed to abolishing modern day slavery through prayer, awareness, and reform, while assisting the victims of human trafficking and slavery through rescue, rehabilitation, and reintegration into society.”
There are a few visual gags inserted here and there. Some are quite subtle and difficult to notice. Just take it as a challenge to find them all.
Navarathri(9 nights) or Dusshera is celebrated in various ways in different parts of India. Had read Reema’s entry on Durga Pujo. Decided to write this on how it is in South India, especially Tamil Nadu.
Have a blessed and super creative day!!
I’ve been covering Brinker International Forum since last year’s epic “An Evening with Al Pacino” and there has been a theme or a format that all the shows shared. Basically you have an introduction of the star and then a moderator carries us through the evening. Last night’s latest forum was a bit different. ATTPAC’s President Mark Weinstein gave a brief introduction and then turned things over straight to the talent, Roz Savage. Pacino had a moderator, Jerry Seinfeld had a moderator, and David Blaine had a moderator but Roz didn’t. That element first confused me, but then stuck with me since she was just so captivating. The audience didn’t need to have a buffer to the talent, rather this intimate “chat” with Roz really made the experience that more meaningful.
So now he just hangs around and I am wearing my INSANITY by GizzA daily….why don’t men listen?
Sir James proceeds steadily to Balfour House, pausing to look around as he enters the grounds. What a fine estate he will have, he reflects, when these grounds are combined with his own.
Any advice would be greatly appreciated!!
- In Eureka, Nevada, USA, it is still illegal for men with moustaches to kiss women.
I know it’s important to provide Heavenly Father’s children with healthy bodies and safe homes, but that must be only the beginning of being a mother.
This is a recipe that I don’t have exact measurements for. I usually go by what I feel is enough of one particular spice or another. I will give you the ingredients, approximate amounts I use and approximate time for baking them but you can adjust and improve to your taste. Also, being cooked in the oven you don’t have to worry about a grill or smoker.
Unauthorised copying and distribution of copyrighted music is breaking the law, and that includes file-swapping of any copyrighted music on the best-known P2P networks such as Limewire. The recording industry has taken action against many people who have done this, with some large fines resulting.
30 to 35 years ago, when I was much stupider, and much, much less libertarian than I am now, I realized a fundamental problem we have is that every session of legislation adds new laws, and that even if it was just one law per session, any math geek will tell you, the number of laws, N, tends to infinity.
As you all know our new CHALLENGE started last week, and will run through to the 25th February. We would love for you to come and play along with us ... here is our inspiration photo again ..
*By entering, you give us permission to feature your projects.
Ignore anyone who talks about hybrid liquidation, coming out of liquidation or what happens to a company after liquidation. It’s all a mixture of wishful thinking and ignorance. A company that is liquidated ceases to be. It is an ex-company.
That's right. We are finally potty training Andrew!!!
“In this the love of God was made manifest among us, that God sent his only Son into the world, so that we might live through him. In this is love, not that we have loved God but that he loved us and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.” (1 John 4:9-10) “See what kind of love the Father has given to us, that we should be called children of God; and so we are.” (1 John 3:1) “In love, he predestined us for adoption through Jesus Christ.” (Ephesians 1:5) “He was wounded for our transgressions; he was crushed for our iniquities; upon him was the chastisement that brought us peace, and with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every on to his own way; and the Lord has laid on him the iniquity of us all.” (Isaiah 53:5-6) “But God, being rich in mercy, because of the great love with which he loved us, even when we were dead in our trespasses, made us alive together with Christ - by grace you have been saved - and raised us up with him and seated us with him in the heavenly places in Christ Jesus, so that in the coming ages he might show the immeasurable riches of his grace in kindness toward us in Christ Jesus.” (Ephesians 2:4-7) “For your Maker is your husband, the Lord of hosts is his name; and the Holy One of Israel is your Redeemer, the God of the whole earth he is called.” (Isaiah 54:5) “He will swallow up death forever; and the Lord God will wipe away tears from all faces, and the reproach of his people he will take away from the earth, for the Lord has spoken. It will be said on that day, ‘Behold, this is our God; we have waited for him, that he might save us. This is the Lord; we have waited for him; let us be glad and rejoice in his salvation.” (Isaiah 25:8-9)
Probably no one.
So yesterday, Kerri played hookie from school to help continue celebrating Nana's birthday. In reality, she was up all night with horrific night terrors, but we told her the reason she slept in was to play hookie. Kerri thought this was a great idea, and said she would tell her Catholic school teacher that she was playing "hooker" with us. I am sure that is going to go over very well!
A guest post hits right on point - something that I’ve been struggling to express and am humbled by the elegant and logical manner in which it is explained why Elvis continues to not be considered an artist.
and reading how much you liked the Amersham 'Movie',
I love her for buying these, though. I had the opportunity to do the same for the Older Girl this year on the second (!) round of school pictures, as she made the most godawful face for them. It was the least I could do for her.
Whew. Breathe in, breathe out.
Less soap operas, more reality.
Like most dorks, all this information got me hungry for food and more information, so I went seeking tarts. I couldn’t find a single one. I live in Portland, Oregon, a foodie town of legendary proportions. People sell ceviche out of old school buses here. Numerous food carts sell vegan phō. Even though my city sits some three hundred miles south of the international border, I couldn’t find Canada’s national dessert at any local bakery. In the absence of the real thing, I emailed my longtime friend Dayna in Toronto. She’s a flight attendant for Air Canada and has traveled all over her country. What did she think of these beloved tarts? Did she have a favorite place that I could get them in Vancouver? “They are indeed a staple in every Canadian’s house, especially over the holidays,” she said. “I don’t think there is a special spot for them, they are just everywhere.” She buys them for her boyfriend at the supermarche but doesn’t like them herself. They’re too sweet. “My Mom used to make them for the holidays and I’d convince her to make me a special batch. Scrap the butter filling for jam instead. I was spoiled with special treatment which is why I didn’t really love them like I’m supposed to maybe.” Since I couldn’t just pop up to Canada to find some tarts. I had to make some myself.
The print paper is from a DCWV mat stack - Hippie Chic - I did not even cut the paper- just took it right out of the 4.5x6.5 matstack and adhered it with my ATG glue gun.
A story from Miami is making me happy and sad at the same time, which is quite an achievement for an everyday human tale of yearning and fulfilment. I don’t usually experience such a complex mix of emotions unless mating elephants are involved.
I am an ambassador of Christ Jesus! Amen!
No one on Earth had read her whole food blog. Rachel didn't think anyone had ever, in her entire life, showed that much interest in something she had done.
Should you be interested in applying, send a motivation letter (no more than 500 words) and your CV with at least two contactable references to tammy@bushradio.co.za – Please state PRODUCTION ASSISTANT application in the subject line.
Stop following your heart and follow Jesus.
Caitlin is a mother but is a feminist. She believes that all women have the right to determine what they want out of life and go for it. When Caitlin got married, she didn't think it was going to be the best day of her life. She wanted something low key. Her and her mates and her family could treat it like a laugh and get pissed in the pub.
You can find many "how to board and batten" projects out there on the web. This is not one of them. I can, however, highlight some of the ways we went about it and some of the discussions we had while completing the project.
f) they are cool to wear in the heat
Grind the curry leaves with the red chillies and the coconut coarsely.
I hope you feel inspired, enjoy!
It didn't really seem to matter how I answered their question anyway. Often, what ever I said was met with discouragement. After a while, it just seemed to me my best bet was to lie. Teacher, that was always a good and noble answer, hard to argue with, grounded, attainable. Even saying I don't know got me a better response than anything close to the truth.
For the first $40 million, the developer had to prepare an itemization of "Eligible State Project Costs" of not less than $15 million payable by the Empire State Development Corporation pursuant to the State Funding Agreement.
Yes, they are in the wrong. No, they are not the devil. A couple of fags a day doesn't mean they will be bad parents. And I would hazard a guess that they are feeling guilty enough already, without thousands and thousands of strangers judging them and calling into question their parenting skills. In fact I would guess that every time Stacey Solomon has lit up a cigarette since the day she found out she was pregnany she has felt guilty. So she should, you might say. Quite. But she doesn't need half the world telling her that.
I can't believe it's already been over 6 months since I last posted. I will do an 'update' post soon, but for now I'm coming back to celebrate a very special baby girl and her Mom, Oak.
Is the answer to the question I've been asked the most over the last two weeks; What was wrong with you?
Anyway, so far, 3 hours of training, so good. Another 30 or 35 hours to go. I'll post updates as I fly.
Pre-heat the oven to 425 C. Fill a loaf pan with water and keep it inside the oven. Steam from this will give the bread a nice crust and chewy inside. Bake the loaf for 35- 45 mns. Cool it over a wire rack and enjoy….
Grill over medium heat for 10-15 minutes, turning and basting frequently with leftover marinade.
· The Way of Hiddenness
The road of this life can be so hard. I don’t understand why some spirits find it so necessary to manifest their own fear and pain by hurting others, but I pray that those spirits open to understanding, compassion, healing, and at last peace. Let their hands, hearts, and voices turn from cruelty to acceptance.
Last Saturday, we headed off toward Pittsburgh, to stay with a family we met at last years UWWG. We were originally supposed to arrive much earlier, but by the time we actually got there it was midnight, and by the time we all stopped talking and hanging out in favour of bed, it was pat 3:00 am! Emi, mum and I were thrilled to find out that not only were Jody, Bethany, Timmy, & Sam awesome people, they were also just as much night owls as we are. *Grins* The time we spent with the Hagensen's was great, and involved lots of conversations around the table in the sunny kitchen, about a variety of topics. I love how with unschoolers, age matters so much less. Between our two families, there were ages 9, 15, 16, 18, 18, and parents (I don't think they'd be thrilled if I tried to add their ages as well... ;-)), and all of us would happily sit around talking to each other... That just makes me really happy. As do the Hagensen's.♥ I really hope I get to see all of them again soon!
I will fear no evil, for you are with me;
3.breaker
An update on the scissors. They are titanium coated blue with convex blades with adjustable tension dial screw.
Ask God to reveal your sins to you so that you can ask forgiveness.
Day in day out
Last week a lady at church held a Children's Parade. All the kids got dressed up, decorated their bikes/wagons/cars, and marched down the street. Marley wasn't overly excited about it until they started throwing out the candy.
There, you said it: “Huh? *scratches head*”
Everyone is well aware of the financial difficulties being played out across the country. The city I live and work in has the highest budget deficit in the nation (22% of the city's general fund). The general fund is used to pay for all city services including police and fire departments.
Roommates who walked in by accident and were very confused: 1
The day came when his sister barged into his apartment and changed his life…we will find out soon enough! BAFTA Award Winner Carey Mulligan (Drive) is the eccentric and happy-go-lucky Sissy Sullivan. Carrey was awesome spontaneous and full of energy! She brings her performance to another level and hits the right spot for her to shine and be a light for her brother and not die trying!
He grabbed a blank video cassette (remember them?), unwrapped it from its plastic and excitedly fed it into the mouth of the VCR.
“What else was I going to do?” asked Modisette. “I’ve got to bring her down, I can’t leave her up there.”
cutting its own magnificent path
What I say is “Fuck you!” to them and their tribes of tracksuit-wearing thieves. Pay them zero. Get your lazy arse to work. Whore yourself if you need to.
Great news, guys! We've tackled a lot of little things that needed to be done around our new house, but now we're about to tackle something we're REALLY excited about: The kitchen!
They think they’ve got away with it and, you know what?
The kind people of at heaven and earth designs are having a mothers day sale at the moment and these two charts just happened to add themselves in to my stash.
NOT!!! Publishing an eBook, like a releasing a POD text, is like throwing a book out of a plane into the deepest reaches of the Amazon (pun intended) and hope people will travel there and then send you money after they find it. You guessed it. Not a penny comes your way. Unless…. You let people know exactly where the book is there and then convince them they should buy it, not an easy task but it is doable.
The turquoise lagoon whispers the beauty of its shoreline as waves lap against the beach, beckoning you. With so much else to do at the resort, the sea will have to wait.
Holidays have never been my favorite time of year. Past holidays, for me, have been plagued with disappointments and heart ache. I'm trying to remind myself that I've let the past go and I'm moving forward with a better attitude and better insight on how I put myself in situations to be let down. Sadly, I think this has had an affect on two things:
Did you know that Target has all their Big Toy Coupons also online? So if you want to get two of something you can use the one from your book and then print off another copy from their website.
Was it worth it? I'll find out later today when everyone takes a bite! I had a blast making it. Alton's recipe calls for his spiced pecans, which are seasoned with cayenne and cumin. This pie will be served to traditionalists and kids, so I used plain pecan halves instead. I toasted them in a cake pan in a preheated 350 degree oven for approximately 7 minutes.
In one of the first sessions we examined the top 10 most oppressive visual symbols in history. Amongst that top 10 were images such as the burning cross, confederate flag and the swastika. Also making this list was Chief Wahoo….I asked the youth participants to give me the first words that came to mind when they saw that image. Some of the words included:
I’m not saying that waking up a different species would be amazing. For proof of this, just look at Jim Breuer and his post-Goat Boy career. Maybe that doesn’t fully make my point. All I’m saying is that waking up a sheep would be better than waking up as, say, Mel Gibson’s girlfriend. Or a sex toy.
Now, there is an alternative to sewing darts in a bra cup. Instead, you can also gather the fabric between the darts and stitch in place. The gathers can be good if you're looking to add the illusion of more fullness to the bra cup. I did this with the Pauline sew-along, you can see how here.
A small confession, I haven't been baking actively during my MIA (i.e. missing in action) from blogosphere. And even if I did, I find little motivation in grabbing the camera, since I wasn't able to check the quality of the photos taken. Hence that isn't much backlog either.
My name is Sora, I was born the day the doors opened. My birthday goes unnoticed every year except by one person, my best friend Jessie. Which is fine with me. This year I turn 18, no matter what happens I know I have a job to do. Take my father’s place and lead our kind into battle for the future of all. My uncle has kept my position until now, but he will pay for his crimes.
3) The Mercenaries: Dawn McGill and Svetlana Kovalevski (I) aim for title
9. I've never had a pet
Once out in the sun, we were warm enough, as long as the wind did not blow and we were directly in the sun, so we sat on a bench, in the full sunlight and People Watched.
1 John 3:1 “How great is the love the Father has lavished on us, that we should be called children of God! And that is what we are!” (NIV)
Their dad paused, then stepped through the gate, leaves crunching under his feet. He gestured for Sam and Abby to follow. The temperature dropped a few degrees and Sam's eyes took a moment to adjust to the dimmer light. A squirrel chattered at them from a nearby tree. Sam drew her bow closer. She didn't like the woods in the evening. What seemed normal and cheerful during the day took on an eerie feel, like ghosts were hiding behind the trees, waiting to snatch her up and run away.
So once again we found ourselves at Bromsgrove station, waiting for the southbound London/Midland train, it was quite odd really, as each of our days out by train recently (bar one) had been from this station down the same line, each time we’d ended up a station further down the track, today was Hereford (at this rate we’ll be doing Cornwall by September) where we changed onto an Arriva Wales train heading for Ludlow and beyond.
But thanks to these friends, even though I stopped displaying my relationship status on facebook years ago, I know they've added some options over the years. Out of curiosity, I looked at the options the other day. The choices, in no particular order:
Last night we went to my daughter's dance performance - she goes to a local School of the Arts - she did a great job and I was super proud of her. Unfortunately, when it was over, the thing she noticed the most was that her father, and his family chose not to attend. All the smiling, hugs and "attagirls" in the world couldn't put a smile on her face. She managed to make it home to the safety of her room, where she collapsed in a puddle on her bed. Heartbroken. Again. She'd been begging, calling, texting for weeks asking them (he, and his family) to please come. All the way up to the last minute, she had her hopes up, called and left messages. She got no answers. No messages to say sorry, or "I wish I could be there". Still behaving...but it's really, really hard.
"Whatever, God knows her name....and He knows I love the dancing song."
Overall it was a great weekend, with over 320 bikes and a great deal of money raised for a handful of causes.
Graham comes back, but not for Wil's brains. Instead he is distant and numb. Now that Graham is back and living with the family, Wil is left to wonder if he has made the right choice, and faced with the challenge of fixing his brother.
Even the Happy Birthday part? Gee these guys are tough. You’d think a blood sucking vampire would have a heart. Where else do you drive the stake?
So that's my sewing space, my little area of creativity. Not an attic, or a room, or a shed, but a cosy little space just for me. All my scissors, needles, pins and cutters hidden away in the top section, along with jars of buttons (aren't washed out spice jars just so handy for button storage by the way?), patchwork templates, hole punches and various keep-away-from-small-people things. The drawers are just the right size for my stash of ribbons and trims, and the little cupboard section at the bottom holds my stack of felt and a big bag of washed fleece for toy stuffing. And best of all the pull down front means a fab surface to work at the sewing machine:
Me: Is there also a 1:30 train to Drogheda?
where prestige no longer resides.
He smartly started with basics on balance and gave suggested proportions for three very important cocktail elements: Strong, Sour and Sweet. I've hosted a cocktail or two and after a tipple everyone's a barman and wants to show off their mad mixing skills. This rarely results in an inspired drink. But, with a bit more foundation in how to incorporate these three elements with grace and forthought, I think these well-meaning budding-mixologists would be more likely to turn out something tasty.
It's difficult to break patterns. My own mother was exceedingly impatient. I, with my Aries ascendant and upbringing, have a very impatient streak. I have to work hard at reining it in.
Monica: “I want to get involved in my community, because I think our community affects us just as much as we affect it.”
Purts me in mind of the old Lyndon Johnson 'I want to make him deny it' story. Detail here, but it includes a rude word and a reference to an illegal, not to say unhygienic, sexual practice.
There is an interesting story this old hero should tell us.
d) Wait 20 mins to call 911. Then expect me to wig out as much as you are about something that is no longer in progress.
So if the food goes into your mouth but never adequately arrives at your cells; your cells are essentially starving.When the cells are inadequately fed they tell the body to lower its metabolic rate.
Doug: This is a great cover, isn't it? If I had been a Hulk fan when I was 11, Ernie Chan would have made me buy this.
With the depth of this intimacy of identity with balance
Mr. Wesley cautioned a preacher going to Ireland against snuff, unless by order of a physician, declaring that no people were in such blind bondage to the silly, nasty, dirty custom as were the Irish. It is stated so far did Irishmen carry their love of snuffing, that it was customary, when a wake was on, to put a plate full of snuff upon the dead man's, or woman's stomach, from which each guest was expected to take a pinch upon being introduced to the corpse.
But I do hope to rectify the situation soon. Hope to brew up a Coconut Porter next. I wanted to try this after seeing an episode of Three Sheets (the Hawaii episode) where Zane Lamprey gives on a try. Sounded good so I thought I would give it a try. Plus, it just gives me an opportunity to do something different & out of the ordinary (for me anyway), as I usually stick to Reinheinsgebot brewing.
OVERVIEW/ANALYSIS: I was awaiting “City of the Snakes” since the moment I finished “Hell’s Horizon”. I knew that the third book would be taking a time leap and would be featuring characters from both the previous books. After liking the weird but excellent start to the series, I was curious how the author planned to end the series and how would Capac and Jeery interact with each other and what would this mean for the City.
Honey Prairie Complex Fire, GA
This is a sea change, no matter what USC fans might try to say. For seven years Pete Carroll fought the very waters of creation and succeeded despite terrible overwrought metaphors and the 85 scholarship limit. There’s no way Lane Kiffin just forges on and continues what happened from 2002-2008. There’s no way in the same vein there was no way a washed up ex-NFL coach could bring Southern Cal glory once more, except now it’s actually true. I’ll tell you what’s gonna happen: good, sometimes great seasons, peppered with occasional mediocrity. It’s the dim, terrifying shape beneath the waters, coursing through the oceans on kraken limbs: normality. Time to come down back to earth. Bless Lane and his family and his father and everyone who’s come to USC to declare their own destinies, because I have to admire such tenacity in the face of such obvious inexorablility.
“Pique the interest of editors across the country with a professionally scripted press release about you and your book. Our writers will create a single-page news release and send it to a list of 100 targeted media outlets based upon your book’s topic. Radio stations, television stations and newspapers are all included in our comprehensive media database. You will also receive a copy of the media recipients for your records.
C'mon Wendi!
But that talk made no reference to what one professor said made the university “stick out like a sore thumb.” Roger Daniels, history professor emeritus at the University of Cincinnati, said that former USC President Rufus B. von KleinSmid, who ran the school from 1921 to 1947, believed that issuing a transcript would constitute “giving aid and comfort to the enemy.”
I was hoping to post this earlier, but it is Monday after all. Both the kids and I have to get back into the routine after having 2 weeks off. Tonight we only had a couple of trips down the hall, whining about not being able to sleep. Things should be back to normal in the next couple of days,,I hope.........
He used to say 'Ae Shehar Ae Allahabad, Royega Tu Zaar Zaar Mere Jaane Ke Baad ...'
Now I see her on the bus and she's gotten stranger.
In the past months, a lot of international artists grazed the Philippines, performing on sold-out concerts in some of the most well-known spots in the Metro. Most of these concerts or gigs were really successful, which is really good of course. However, some people in the Philippines are not too pleased with all of these, people coming mostly from the local entertainment industry.
I would want to sit down with Jesus Christ, Martin Luther King Jr. and Denzel Washington. They are all an inspiration. With humility, these men selfishly gave themselves to the world through their actions, drive, words and character. I would certainly gain a great deal of knowledge if I ever had the opportunity. Those findings, would be a monumental benefit to those around me and myself.
Rob had a big bag that he carried with him at all times, almost like a woman’s purse, but this was a boating bag with lots of little pockets for all sorts of goodies he liked to have at his disposal. I’ve noted that I went through his bag October 2nd for things that the friend on the boat next door to ours had wanted. He had helped in unloading the boat of personal effects and it was his g/f who had found Rob, and they’d now decided I wasn’t their friend anymore as I wasn’t as welcoming as they were.
The roadies carted the gear out of the back of the theater, onto a truck in front of the first tour bus. The lead singer of the opening band, Mona, a guy who looks like Joe Strummer with skinny jeans and a very gynic man purse, mulled around, smoking, talking, seemingly hoping to get the attention of autograph seekers. No one seemed to interested. But the crowd around the bus built to about 80 or so.
Loving-kindness is a core ethical virtue, but it is not easily translated into English. We just celebrated Passover and at the close of the seder, we recite the Great Hallel, Psalm 136. We read it responsively with the leader reading the first line and everyone responding, “For His steadfast love endures forever!” In those verses, steadfast love is translated from the word “chesed.” We could even read that as “His chesed is always there.” And as you read through Psalm 136, it starts off with: “Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever.”
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Like Thanhha Lai once was herself, Ha, the story's narrator, is just ten years old when Saigon falls and she finds herself on a boat to the United States. Supplies are scarce. The vessel is crowded. Ha is a kid, and she's hungry:
Most of Marr's poems are short(many of them considerably shorter than those below). Many are humorous, and some have such surprising endings they almost take your breath away. Marr is a past president of the Illinois State Poetry Society, and a member of the Poets Club of Chicago and the Kentucky State Poetry Society. He has edited and published several anthologies of Chinese and Taiwanese modern poetry, and also pursues other artistic interests including painting and sculpting. He has held several solo as well as group exhibits in the Chicago area, Beijing, and on the Internet. His Website at http://wmarr9.home.comcast.net/~wmarr9/bmz.htm contains images of his art work as well as selections from his poetry books. A scientist by profession, he has lived and worked in the Chicago area since 1970.
Than that which hath no foil to set it off.
I wanted to go back today but woke up too late and got Sat and Mondays opening times mixed up. At 3pm, I figured I still had 2 hours or so drinking time left then realised the thing closed at 4 on Monday. Doh!!!
To fill the resulting empty spot in the laundry room, we bought some very pretty hanging hooks mounted on a decorative plaque. The best thing we found was a small white bench (complete with seat pad) and three cubical sized openings below, suitable for baskets, or just open storage for gardening shoes, rainboots, etc. It fit the open space perfectly and easily transformed the laundry room into a small "mud room" as well!
Heading for the Hills
~ Since we have been going to the Library at least once a week, I have been reading like crazy. I have about 6 books out , one is Farwell, My Queen (great book, can't wait to see the movie coming out!) and few books on Cuba and the stories about children who were flow out of Cuba w/out parents right as Castro took over, Operation Peter Pan (very sad and at the same time it shows you how grateful to have been living here!!) another book on boys, another book on St.Josemaria...
02 - Wild In The Streets
One of my great whitely heroes is Daniel Defoe, who used various names for his books. His novels weren't actually published as novels at all; they were supposedly the autobiographies of Moll Flanders, Colonel Jack and other rakish adventurers. I envy the way that he could conceal his own identity so completely behind the voice of his narrator, hiding himself as entirely as the modern ghost-writers who give voice to pop stars and footballers, letting readers imagine that they're reading an honest autobiography.
When peace will reign throughout the land,
So, let that be a lesson for you. Now, hold my adjustable wrench while I rub Swarfega into the naked thighs of this leather-clad teaching assistant.
Lies are a painkiller
It had been three years since I last saw my sister. Our lives have taken us 3000 miles apart and in very different directions. I was excited and nervous at the same time but I hoped it would be a healing experience. Our communication had been limited and the distance between us felt more like a million miles. We have always gotten along. As children, she was a better sister to me than I was to her. I was overly parentalized at home and bullied at school which made me critical and bossy. I teased her sometimes and excluded her from my friends. Although she has more of an explosive temper than I do, she has never said an unkind word to me. As a child I doubt that she ever took a cookie without also getting one for me. I thought of all these things as i made my way to my mother’s house to see her. I wondered to myself if i had contributed to her inability to move forward or her self-destructive tendencies. I was hoping for a heart to heart discussion to clear the air and rid myself of the guilt I felt. I suppose I was looking for a way to make sense of it, even if I had to scapegoat myself.
When I was young, my dad loved using idioms. I think he is the one that started them. Really. His favorite was, “All hell broke loose.” I could picture fire and the devil breaking out of a jail somewhere. I’ve loved idioms every since.
You are who you are, beloved,
And that’s exactly the point of my ranting – I had all the desire, intelligence, and willingness to work, as those other West Virginia boys – yet I was completely without guidance and support at a time when I could have, as they say, ‘gone on to greater things.’
Still, every once in a while, I want to indulge in something decadent too. These Banana Beignets are perfect for that. They are fried dough (that's what "beignet" means in French) and filled with one of my favorite fruits: bananas.
Croutons
btw, just like I’ve done (and since I deleted everyone else), you need to protect your tweets like I have .. eliza
As you know, no look is complete without perfectly manicured and polished nails. Butter has been my latest favorite. Even if it is a little pricey, I love treating myself to a new bottle every now and then!
To make matters worse, thunderstorms were passing through the area all.night.long. We were miserable! After a particularly loud thunderstorm, we finally dozed off. Suddenly, we heard a huge "CRASH" and the sound of glass breaking. We dove out of the bed and ran to check on Jameson. He was fine and sound asleep. Then we went looking for Sweets. We finally found her hiding in the dining room. We still couldn't find where the noise came from. After several minutes of looking around, we found the damage:
Elliot
About The City Quilter
Cordy Glenn and Mike Adams- Both tremendous offensive tackles expected to be selected in the late first round. If either would fall Coughlin could select a must needed offensive lineman. If both are available, the ideal selection for the Giants in particular would be Glenn because he can play as an interior lineman as well.
Alex
RALPH TOWNER 12-string and classical guitars, piano on (3)
It’s important to notice the nuance here. Americans don’t buy into the so-called “Poor Law” theory of social welfare wholesale – they reject the idea that relief should only be available to the “worthy poor” in favor of universalism; they generally believe in paying taxes necessary for adequate benefits as long as they think they are also included within the circle of protection. This isn’t a Social Democratic framework either (there’s certainly no conception that citizenship entitles you to benefit, for example), but there is something of the old ideal of the commonweal here.
Little baby, I feel fresh,
Remember the photos I posted from Kat and Mike's Wedding? We'll, there's a new addition to their family!!
Loralie has an excellent post on Scrivener tips, except the only thing that caught my attention is the name generator… But I think I’ll stick to Open Office for the time being, LOL! And Stephen did a wonderful round-up of articles on DoJ/Amazon stuff for whoever wants them all in one place. I think indie writers shouldn’t give anyone exclusivity, or they might as well go to a traditional publisher… don’t leave all your eggs in one basket, right?
And this next book is a joy to behold as are most things illustrated by Pat Albeck.
I've also found out a flea market that has some typewriters. It's only once a month but that's better than none. I'm soon hopping to have news on this matter.
I am a fantasy writer. I’m not sure why, perhaps it’s because I’m part of the Harry Potter generation or perhaps it’s because I’ve always been a bit imaginative… Who knows… I’ve never really been able to write anything fully grounded in reality. God knows that my English teachers have given up on trying to improve my analytical writing. They always announce puzzlement at the contrast in coherency and skill when it comes to comparing my analytical and creative writing.
It was said elsewhere, “Once we were not a people, but now we are a people. Once we were not shown mercy, but now we have been shown mercy.” We are a totally new people, qualified by God (I believe he is talking here of an instant, the moment we first believed), and now continually strengthened by His glorious might.
But I do promise that through it all I’ll be there to explain.
When I’m sixty-four!
Horses running always gives me the feeling of freedom and strength.
We've heard so much of this new Japanese, Chinese American type food buffet from multiple friends. We didn't think much about it because you tend to think buffets are the same. Kumo though brought rave reviews from our friends. I love all Authentic Asian as well as Asian American influenced food. It's probably some of my favorite foods.
5. A mouse trap placed on top of your alarm clock will prevent you from
Anyhow, that is behind us now. I am very glad that he did not have kawasaki syndrome as the doctor had thought. My sunshine boy is back, no more tantrums. Only tears when he does not get what he wants at times but just a good scolding, an explanation afterwards and a good hug often settles it. The time at the hospital was just a nightmare. A nightmare that I do not want to remember because while I was staying at the hospital, my girl had a seizure at home. Then we had to leave the poor boy at the hospital with just the maid so that we could take the poor girl to the doctor. Sigh.
to read how they made their works of art,
I AM 'enough'.
Warby Parker offers boutique-quality glasses for a fraction of the price of what your local chain charges for lenses (with a coupon!). The company was founded by B-school friends who decided to change the status quo and cut out the middle-man to drive down costs on great glasses (AND for a great cause).
I promised further explanation of this year’s theme. Can’t say I can, other than to reiterate that it isn’t really dystopia — though there was a good bit of that — nor scifi, or speculative fiction as high-end scifi is frequently styled these days. The subtitle was “Literature of the Future” and the guiding texts were 1984 and Brave New World, if that helps. In his introduction in the Seminar’s program, Program Chair James Gleick writes this, referring to the writers gathered for the Seminar: “What they do share — what their work reveals — is a deepening awareness of past and future, which also means an awareness that our world is not the only one possible.”
1. Now to him who is able to keep you from stumbling
7. I deeply hate playing computer games
The ministerial code states that scheduled flights should be used unless deemed impractical.
One day the PM shouts to his UMNO members that they will guard Putrajaya even if it has to be over crushed bones and bloodied bodies. Then another day he says BN apologizes for its past mistakes. What kind of trade-off politicking is this?
We went to the recruiting event expecting a small room and a small crowd; the type of situation where you shake a few hands, ask a few questions, sign your name on a contact list and leave with some colorful brochures. What we found was entirely different. They had reserved one of the largest rooms in the Union, and it was packed with people – not just students, but also many returned Peace Corps volunteers who were there on their own time to share their stories. And the stories, both of successes and challenges, were incredible.
So far this petition has garnered close to 25,000 signatures. It might not stop the production of the show, but it’s got people talking.
What I need from all of you are positive thoughts and prayers again. Specifically because I'm a big fat baby and don't like getting shoved down a bright loud tube head first! We have to be at the hospital at 9:30 in the morning (Pacific Time) and the tests should take an hour or two.
It was a ridiculously cold day and none of us were prepared with gloves or a hat, so we ducked into a lot of places to warm up and found some unexpected surprises. We ducked into this beautiful church, just a little after mass was over so the organ was still playing and people were coming and going. We also found a little Christmas Market filled with little gifts, food and ornaments. It was enclosed and another great break from the cold.
And I say, it's about time.
LawHawk: “What is truly galling is that the Democrats in Congress, along with the President, are trying to stoke populist anger against AIG and other corporations, all while skirting the truth that it was Congress itself that was responsible for this mess – the bailouts along with the allowances for executive compensation. If there is anger, it should be directed at the President and Congress, both of which knew that this executive compensation was to be paid.”
These muffins are perfect for breakfast or snacks on the go. They're moist, sweet, and dense with a golden crust. We had these everyday for breakfast this week, and had enough to send one for the school bus driver each day. I liked how long they lasted in the cookie jar, as my Banana Oat Mini Muffins need to be eaten within a few short days.
Last Friday I started something new called 10 Things I Learned This Week. It actually got some readership, which is rare for a Friday. So I think I'll milk this baby.
Anger is positive, use it, instead or ranting and panicking, take action.
DPs, buttons, ric-rac, and ladybug clothespin, stamp, & charm: My stash
Neither Americans nor the Afghan people asked for this war. Yet, for a decade, we’ve stood together to drive al Qaeda from its camps, to battle an insurgency, and to give the people of Afghanistan the possibility to live in peace and in dignity. The wages of war have been great for both our nations. But today, with the signing of the Strategic Partnership Agreement, we look forward to a future of peace.
Sweeten with liquid Stevia to taste.
The white old man reminds me of Christmases past and cherished family members that have long since left this earth. He reminds me of my adored and much loved childhood dog and warm fires, Sundays in pajamas, homemade hot chocolate and baking with my mother.
6 nomenclator
Now rinse and pat dry the blackberries. Pour the batter into the buttered baking dish. Sprinkle blackberries over the top of the batter; distributing evenly. Sprinkle ¼ cup sugar over the top.
And whatever I say, its probably going to seem like the same rambling as last episodes again but that’s the problem here, everything is happening in circles one after the other and it is a killer of interest! Anna is moping, which was the story from the very beginning for her. All she does is glare and glare or pass snide remarks. I really liked her in just three scenes so far. One-when she was nice to Ga Young in America, two-when she stood up to Mama Dearest after she first came to Korea. And the follow up scene when Jae Hyuk comes home and consoles her and three-when she’s with Young Gul, drinking, and admits to loving Jae Hyuk a lot. Other than that, it’s been the same old same old all the time. I am plenty tired of her stupid, boring, same old ‘doing nothing.’ Please writers, make her HUMAN!
Here's a quiet five minutes in an otherwise rushed week - time enough to do a long overdue post.
That night my mother smothered the chaudin with a bunch of
Nancy's anti-Semitic vandalism at left. A display she created in the mid-town Garment District.
Anyways, today was LSAT day all around the world. The test started at 830 a.m and I had to be at the center at 7:30 am in London. I was up so early, like 6...I know for many that might be reasonable - but no not me. I couldn't fall asleep until 2ish.
When CPR is combined with an Automated External Defibrillator (AED) the odds of survival shot up to 50 percent.
06 peter gunn
awaking wonders deep in me.
Inception (2010) as Professor Stephen Miles
Naturally, eating will give you energy. You can get food by planting and harvesting crops and animals. You can use them to buy meals from the marketplace. There are 7 meals in the market you can choose from. They range from light snacks to all you can eat meals.
Preheat oven to 160°C/325°F*. Line two large baking sheets with baking paper.
Not been blogging - been on holidays and also fighting some sort of bug caught on plane back home but .... I've been working on photos ready to post - with stories :0)
In Vietnam, RAND invented the theories that led two administrations to military escalation against North Vietnam — and even after the think tank’s strategy had obviously failed and the secretary of defense had disowned it, RAND never publicly acknowledged that it had been wrong. Abella comments, “RAND found itself bound by the power of the purse wielded by its patron, whether it be the Air Force or the Office of the Secretary of Defense.” And it has always relied on classifying its research to protect itself, even when no military secrets were involved.
Feminism came up at the right time to rescue women who were bombarded with stereotypical images of the definition of womanhood. Feminism helped many women to come out of their shells and understand their worth. No wonder, women gradually fought for their rights and became successful albeit after a lot of struggle. But then, we are not discussing the issue of feminism. The matter is about how during the course of the effort to acquire equality, many women have taken over the mantle of chauvinism. Feminism has quietly transformed into female chauvinism. Just like how a group of men (not all mind you) came up with chauvinist ideas about women, women (again, not all) are coming up with chauvinist views about men today. They are displaying the same kind of arrogant superiority over men that used to be displayed before the feminist revolution. There were lesser choices available for women then. Today, women are everywhere – they are free to make their choices be it in the field of education, choice of mate, social set-up and the like. Again, this does not apply to all women; this certainly does not generalize all categories of women. After all, all women cannot be accused of being female chauvinist pigs. Coming back to female chauvinists, if there is a rape then all men are wild animals who know nothing better. Till women get things going smoothly, it’s fine but the moment they are restricted even for valid reasons, they jump up and cry foul.
Nadia got a taste of success when she was part of iio and released “Rapture.” Now on the solo career path, Nadia continues to impress music fans without sharing the spotlight.
The right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been considered as the palladium of the liberties of a republic; since it offers a strong moral check against usurpation and arbitrary power of rulers; and will generally, even if these are successful in the first instance, enable the people to resist and triumph over them." -- Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story
A great photo usually has a little story that goes along with it. I thought it might be nice today to share some of the stories associated with a few of those photos
(3) I would actually trace it back even earlier than that, maybe even to the 1920s in the U.S. and as early as the 1890s in Germany, but the evidence is scarse for such an assertion.
No worries, we still got some super sweet pictures.
and not on what to write on this blog....
5 Your attitude should be the same as that of Christ Jesus:
Also - the photo I have used in my Timeless Layout is of a good friends daughter and was taken by the very talented Sandie Mallon Pop over to her website and have a squizzy at her stunning photo's!!!! :)
Congratulations to you all, please mail me brenda@ibas.co.uk with your full postal addys so I can get your prizes off to you. And don'r forget to grab our winner sidebar button to add yo your own blogs. Any prizes remaining unclaimed by 8th May will be re-drawn.
III. Life Regulation
Our favorite librarian, Robin, told us last week that yesterday was "Talk like a Pirate Day". She also told us to come back to the library to do some fun pirate crafts and goodies! My kids are all about the crafts! One of the main things I love about Melton Public Library is their amazing kids section. I fell in love with it when we first went there. Mrs. Robin is so good about having fun things for the kids to do too. She is such a bubbly person and the perfect librarian for children. She always has a big, beautiful smile on her face.
From the public's point of view, oil prices this high have become a "normal" part of life. And, if Skrebowski's analysis proves correct, there will be no dramatic price spikes above, say, $200 a barrel that stick, something that might definitively signal the beginning of a long-term oil crisis in the public's mind. Instead, there will be repeated attempts to revive economic activity through fiscal and monetary stimulus which will ultimately fail to gain traction as oil prices shoot up once again, dampen economic activity and lead to recession after recession. During each recession oil prices will drop making the peak oil problem seem to disappear.
She adjusted the lights and the microphone. She seemed to make the stage inviting again.
In Galatians 6:9 Paul through inspiration penned, “”And let us not grow weary while doing good, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart”
5. Motivation comes from vision, not from fear.
07 Entanglement
The higher tax argument implies that politicians know how to spend money better than we do; that they have some kind of moral authority to determine which causes are worthy, and which are not, and that their determinations supersede our own.
there are things going on and i HATE reading there are things going on because this isn't a jane austen novel i realize but that is all i can really and truly write online, here, so i have to leave at that, at things going on, and they are Things We Do Not Like, and In Fact, Hate Their Guts. i'm scared right now. mr. curry is too. we could use prayers. please direct your good and strong energies to
What do you receive in your spirit and where do you feel resistance?
It described in gruesome detail
(Yes, I am hoping this boosts my TpT followers from 99 to 100!)
The challenge will close as always, next Saturday at 8.00pm GMT.
But this ain't funny:
Come to think of it, Danielle Staub may have been dining in the same restaurant as me…
– If an associate helps you, ask their name so you can be sure they are credited with that sale. Each one typically must meet a sales quota per shift; without those sales credits, their managers have less proof they’re productive, (and won’t be inclined to offer them post-holiday jobs.)
Last time we visited Walt’s, I also tried the macaroni and cheese and fried okra. Both were good.
*1/3 cup chopped green onions (optional, I left them off in my picture because I didn’t have any)
And now the winner of one SIGNED copy of 'Silence' by Becca Fitzpatrick is...
Anger is a secondary emotion. It always stems from something else. When I feel that anger wash over me, when I feel the tears spill from my eyes, the lighthouse that I have created is the word "NO". Inside my head, I yell, with force, "NO!" Once I halt the continuing rainfall of angry and negative thoughts in mid-stream, I take several deep and cleansing breaths to stop the physical reaction of anger, because anger always triggers a physical flight or fight response. First that must be calmed so that I can deal with the feelings. I then ask myself what the primary emotion is. Most likely, for me, it is a feeling of helplessness, a loss of control. Once I recognize that emotion, the root of it all, I deal with it. I deal with it in terms that are manageable and not overwhelming. I acknowledge that I am helpless to change anyone else or to change the past, but I'm not helpless in taking control of my life. I am in control of not becoming a prisoner to the past.
Studying for the GED can be daunting. Students may be embarrassed to go to a program to study, be nervous about additional costs, or think that they could do a better job with their own schedule. FLC has a GED section to our website that can answer any question you might have about getting a GED; testing places, program sites, online resources and FAQs.
Even George H.W. Bush eventually grasped (at least in 1988) that he needed to give voters a little of the "vision thing." Romney just seems dead set against the "vision thing"; his vision is "Obama sucks," plus the occasional warbling of "America the Beautiful."
Anyway, Mexican Logger pours a pale yellow with a white, fluffy head of foam. It's fairly strongly carbonated. Despite the low booze and hopping, Mexican Logger is surprisingly flavorful. Corona, it's not.
In taking account of these factors, what logic was applied? Did the delay caused by both events cause the horses to become so difficult to control that the riders could not be blamed? If so, then how can the jockeys have been guilty of the offence(s)? Or did the delay justify in some odd way the jockeys’ behaviour? If the latter is the case, then what is on offer is a post-National dispensation from what the riders were instructed to do pre-National, so no offence there either.
A: Yes. It’s within our technological reach to build a full-sized Enterprise with 1g gravity. This Gen1 Enterprise can go on missions to key points of interest in our solar system, like Mars and Venus. It will be the biggest ship of any kind ever built by humans, and it will be larger than the tallest building in the world. It’s possible to build the Enterprise, and it would be a monumental achievement for us humans who inhabit the planet earth.
Also, I'll hopefully be getting to cemetery (see previous post) within a few days. I hurt my leg and couldn't go walking around the cemetery yesterday (v. minor issue, but it's a rather large place). I will go down there very soon to get those photos.
No one reads copy anymore.
and then to me I thought I would keep in theme.
Whilst studying the beer list at the festival, my eyes were drawn to a beer that struck me as an interesting concept and one that I definately needed to try.
Before I get into the rest of it, yes, this is one of those found footage shaky-cam movies, and no, I don’t think it detracts at all from the movie. In fact there are several scenes which couldn’t have been done as effectively in a normal filming style and the handheld thing is handled really well.
Kam has her last orchestra concert of the year tonight and then she is looking forward to putting the violin away for the summer. She is totally loving dance lately and I am amazed at how quickly she is progressing!! Her jumps are so effortless, and her kicks are gorgeous. I always have had short, muscular legs, but hers are so long and lean, she just makes it look effortless. I love that she comes to me for advice on her technique.. I may be off the dance floor, but I still got it! We can be found at 10pm doing pirouettes in the kitchen, laughing as we slam into the fridge. I love my girl so much!!
So now I'm busy with the garden, and trying to walk with Lottie as much as possible, as well as all the usual family and home commitments, I really have no time for knitting or crochet... but somehow I squeeze it in ;) I even squeeze in a bit of browsing for the next pattern... I'm really wanting to make this simple summer boatneck vest. If you're on Ravelry do have a look at the ones other people have made - the neck just seems to drape beautifully. And I just happen to have some cotton kapok DK in pastel colours which I think would be lovely, though I'll have to do stripes as I don't have enough of one colour. Must finish this cowl quickly though, or it'll have to wait till next winter to be worn!
Every day I thank God I get to spend my days with these two little blessings. I'm so thankful He entrusted me with my sweet girl and little man (and their handsome daddy). We spent mother's day relaxing at home and enjoying being a family of four.
“Really? I never knew that,” said their mom.
‘While he is not here anymore
I also attached some solid metal castor wheels (as I had always originally intended). Along with the advantage of mobility the wheels also add enough height to give the cabinet perfect proportions for a coffee or deep side table.
“I’ve seen a lot of film in my day, but nothing like these spermatozoa. They can make every kind of flagellation you’d want: the ten millimeter out, the deep fade, the ability to get out of the seminal vesicle and evade hostile leukocytes. They’re real athletes, not a bunch of system players” said Rivals.com National Analyst Mike Farrell.
For those interested in the many twists and turns of David's career, here's a list of credits I compiled back in 2006:
Defendants maintain that the mental status of 73-year old Julian "We Are in a Market I Don't Understand" Robertson is not irrelevant.
1) Pre-heat oven to 200C.
3. The Man Who Can’t Save Himself Saves Others (Matthew 27:41-42)
In what had politically evolved into a transportation reform strategy, the opposition alliance, having been fortuitously positioned on the condemnation issue years before, was equally adventitious in implementing a bit of the strategic thinking of Karl Rove. As George W. Bush’s political strategist, Rove enjoyed considerable electioneering success by hitting his candidate’s opponents in what appeared to be their strong points. For example, he caused the Vietnam “war hero” status of Senator John Kerry to be savaged by the “Swift Boat” campaign. Private property rights had been a barrier against conservation legislation and regulation; but its evolution into a tool for promoting just that regulation was underway.
2012 (#39)
Thanks to WordPress’ excellent method of tracking your blog’s stats, I noticed that many of the people who read that blogged clicked the link of the picture to film Melancholia, that I rented through Amazon although it was still in theaters.
I've been having difficulty fapping in the last few days and it's alarming to me. I can reach the edge but when I try to go over I lose all arousal and progress. So far it's only happened to me three times but it'll likely continue to happen. I just hope it isn't permanent.
"It doesn't seem quite fair for the shop's other regular customers," I responded.
94. Monkey dress e pickney till he spoil. Don’t try to over do something, keep it simple.
If you have one dog, I recommend two kits. One that is in your home and ready to go on a moments notice and one that is kept in your car (if you travel at all with your dog). You never know where you maybe or what you may be doing when you need to be prepared to care for your dog. Always be prepared you never know when you may need the first aid kit after an afternoon hike, or when a disaster could strike. Perhaps you went to a friends house an earthquake hits, leaving you stranded without a way to your house having a kit in your car may save you and your life. Additionally, studies show that it is good to keep dog food in your car. Yes, DOG FOOD in your car! Why? Simply people in emergency situations usually go through there rations to quickly. On the off chance your traveling and your dog isn’t with you but, you need your kit and you go beyond the 72 hours you can always fall back on your dog food, and water.
I am off to find my mojo, which has been missing for a while. Actually I have recently become addicted to the CW show Supernatural -- DD and I watched 5 seasons in the course of about two weeks, so I haven't been doing much else. The eye candy in that show is quite addicting.
7. Foreplay
David had loved Cassandra. He loved her so much. He probably would have traded his whole career in for her. He would have risked his life to save hers. He would have done anything for her. He could not imagine not loving her. He couldn't wait to marry her, although he was way too young. And he did worry that Hollywood was a jinx on marriage. But he had hope that they could beat the odds. Grow old together.
2:05: The last boat successfully launched, Collapsible D, descends only a few feet before reaching the ocean. By now the water has reached the Promenade Deck and the forecastle is underwater, which quickens the pace of the sinking.
Internets, there is nothing left for him to do when he is truly an old man!
:: seen the fabric of what feels like a favorite shirt on my arm out of the corner of my eye, yet I don't have that shirt in my closet...
mad-gatenāntar-ātmanā
When I do get stuck outside in the rain I like to stay as dry as possible. Under the bench is good, under the car better. But the best place is to squeeze down the passage at the side of the house and wait it out.
“Better quality jobs.
Organizing production- Grading.. Production Sample FiT FiT FiT
Firstly I have " Internet Fundamentals " as one of my subjects which I find interesting because it is something that I use everyday and love to use it too!
If you already have my books, and especially if you like them, you can help me greatly by posting reviews on amazon, especially for the first two titles above. Or, simply go to the link and click on "like." I appreciate your assistance in getting started with amazon book sales very much!
they are alive.
Source: Cook Like a Rock Star
* Hong Kong University Science & Technology (Hong Kong)
The Bank of Japan has printed the equivalent of $322 billion.
smoothed out as well as she could.
‘This gap,’ of course, is the life-threatening absence of pulse oximeters in more than 77,000 operating rooms in low-resource countries worldwide. Every day, operations take place in circumstances that threaten the very lives of patients providers are working to save.
- Those are great shoes. I stole a pair just like that one time.
The backing is minky, and I love the way the quilting looks on it.
Every time someone makes a comment to the tune of "the title doesn't matter now because the editor might change it anyway," somewhere in the world a book flings itself from a towering shelf. If it's an ebook it contracts an incurable virus.
I have not been 'here' in a while. April held a whammy for me. Beginning the first day, I got a terrible flu and was, quite literally, down for the count. I 'lost' two solid weeks, so sick that I could barely even play on my ipad (so you KNOW that was bad!) Anyway, I am much better now and back almost to 100% although I still have a cough that seems will linger for a while. I have missed Paint Party Fridays and blogging and posting on my Etsy shop, I hope to get back into the swing of things and have lots of new ideas and art to share with you soon!!
I dont usually post before people recieve their things but as they going all over the world and they will get there at different times,i thought perhaps it was better if i posted first.....dont look any further if you want to be suprised....:)
I hope you're inspired to make a mini quilt just for fun, too!
ruffle fabric
Furthermore, as Craig goes on to make clear, even if the intention is simultaneous with the event that it causes, this does not mean that it is not *causally* or *explanatorily* prior to the event: the man’s intention to hold onto the tree-branch is what explains his holding onto the tree branch, not the other way around. I see this as a “the dog wags the tail, the tail doesn’t wag the dog”-kind of point.
But honestly, I’ve realised recently that it kinda has everyone expecting so much of it!
I have agonized about this at length with regards to Morgan, the protagonist of The Other Book (not that she screws her sister!). She's a good person, but she's such a...well...there's really no better way to say this...such a bitch. She is emotionally closed off, bitter, and angry. This makes her unlikeable to other characters, who don't understand why she's not the girly, gushy type and get mad when they can't push her around. Then she gets mad that they try to push her around, leading to this cycle of all the characters being angry at Morgan and Morgan being angry at all of them. If the other characters hate her so much, will the reader hate her too? I would hope you'd root for Morgan despite her abrasive personality, but I wonder how long you'd be willing to stay with her.
T: nahh yo!
As I age, after each birthday, I notice that my body betrays me more and more. I can no longer keep the svelte figure I had in my youth. My digestion has changed: it doesn't like ice-cream, pizza, cakes, any indulgences. I used to spend hours cleaning and organizing the house. Now, my strength and flexibility are so unreliable that I barely do an hour of housekeeping before I collapse. (I do housekeeping as an aerobic exercise, pushing and lifting and moving the whole body!). I sleep in spurts. I read and write in spurts too.
And we’re the ones labelled insane!
The banks should be supporting the economy not the economy supporting the banks.
A neighbor would come stand outside her door and say “Are you all right? Why are you walking all alone?” And I would have to say, “Because.” And she would say, “Because? Is that an answer? Why?” And so I’d have to tell, full of shame, “No one wants to walk with me. They beat me up. If I go by the alley, they will get me, someone said”–I’d certainly not blab a name–”today.” And surely the neighbor would tell my mother, and my mother–or my father, or both–would lecture me, “You need to make friends, like other little girls. If you would go to school more regularly, you would have friends. Why don’t you make friends, you’re smart, there isn’t any reason you can’t make friends, like other little girls.”
Ganguly R, Russell DW, Yangco BV, Chmel H, Cameron DJ, Sinnott J. Influenza vaccination status among health care professionals for prevention of nosocomial infection to hospitalized elderly patients. Serodiagnosis & Immunotherapy in Infectious Disease 1990; 4: 309-315.
Have had wonderful time so far. Got a tan at railay beach and went night snorkeling and swam in phosphorescent waters. It was absolutely amazing, like swimming in the sky and creating stars with a mere sweep of your hand. I felt like a floaty wet goddess. I'll never forget it.
This right tackle was needed in an offensive line that was depleted. The Giants enjoy his old school type of play. They think he will fit in very well with their plans. He is quite large, weighing in at 318 pounds. He is a former tight end and defensive end before bulking up. He will take the spot of Kareem McKenzie on the line and hopefully David Diehl stays at left tackle. He has been compared to Diehl in his physical presence and fundamental understanding of the game.
You are yes:
were opened just a bit?
it was just the three of us, all night long, in a cold hospital room.
Sauce:
Shortly after, David and I began to talk and pray about possibly starting a group here where we live. We prayed separately about it and together. I began filling out the paperwork.
Poi Dog Pondering+
This is a bus tour: Bring your shopping bags and money for the freshest purchases in the Bay Area. Famous Frog Hollow Peaches In the Shadow of Mount Diablo General Store at Smith Family Farm Delicious Lunch Sourced from the Farms and Prepared by Farmer Al’s wife Becky Lunch at Frog Hollow Delicious Corn salad, Empanadas, peaches and green salad OPTIONAL LUNCH $15.00 – or you are free to bring you own lunch Enjoy a home made light lunch by Farmer Al’s wife Becky. Her recipes are duplicated at their shop in the Ferry Building and sold at the farmer’s markets around the bay area! PICK UP San Francisco and Downtown Berkeley near BART TICKETS: Adults: $85 for an inspiring full day tour on a comfortable bio-diesel bus. Kids Price: $ 42.50 (0-16yrs) More information & Registration Shop at the farms and come home with a bounty of beautiful produce, olive oil and products directly from the source! Along with new found knowledge and friends. With boxes of fresh produce back from Brentwood Shop at the Farm Stand
But I, being poor, have only my dreams;
dress- hale bob vintage via rue la la
Tel: 67460041
JUSTICE SCALIA: Sound is, too.
My back was a bit sore already from getting hay in the morning, but I wanted to ride and needed to ride, so I wasn't letting this stop me. As much as she is built more suited to hunters, the dressage saddle fits her better, so I have been using it. I also feel more secure in it, like it has a deeper seat which it doesn't, but whatever. I also worked on letting go of the reins and allowing her to have her head more, to pick her way around the arena.
*Complimentary Beginning and Intermediate Lindy Lesson 7:30-8:15
Under ORS 471.565, you can sue the establishment that served the drunk driver alcohol (assuming there was one) by filing a Dram Shop Notice within 180 days.
13. Necklace, $10.50
A critique of research by Sheldon Solomon, Jeff Greenberg, and Tom Pyszczynski
Accessories: Modern Label Punch, Bling, Mat Pack, Paper Piercer
Here's our Miss Alice in her favourite chair by our bay window. Just look at that little tummy of hers! This certainly is a picture of total relaxation. Alice makes the most adorable little sounds when she sleeps, almost like snoring.
what's a nice thing you do for others?
I spent most of yesterday either standing in line (enrollment lines, housing lines, financial aid lines, you know the drill), or driving in line (who knew interstate traffic could be so busy on a Tuesday?).
Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. I still make occasional antique mall buying trips and will have cool things to show you. I'm going to try out a few new products this winter—things that will be on my website this spring if they work out. I may talk about other things, too—who knows?
When I was a kid, a teen and through my first two years of college, if I wasn’t at church or a formal function, I was wearing sneakers or tennis shoes– whatever you like to call them.
Those, at least, are three ideas to be going on with, but the book is open for all manner of suggestions and ideas - such as these. If we can work it thus, it would be useful to have a "long list" to take with us to Harrogate so that, by the time the blood (or coffee) has been mopped from the floor, we shall have our new Charter.
What appears to underlie much of the contention here is that American culture is good at shaming people, especially women: don't rock the boat (plane), don't make a scene. You'll embarrass everyone. My family has been apprised of the situation in our case: should there appear fifteen Arab men on any flight on which we are booked, the plane will take off without us. And that means no matter what the cost in embarrassment or condescension by experts and authorities.
Islamic wisdom says the conduct of the people determines their destiny, and based upon the same Allah changes their rulers.I hope and pray that Allah ease the path for a better government for the people of the great nation of Egypt.
I was very proud of Savanah on our ride. She was bareback (she's so warm and comfy I can't resist) and I aasked her to lengthen, shorten, lengthen and shorten her canter down an open stretch and she did it perfectly! Twice! This is a challenge as she loves to go forward and an open beach on a crisp Nov. day brings out the 'go go go' in her, but she stayed perfectly on the aids and responded brilliantly. We're so lucky to have a safe, sensitive, forward horse like her.
The search for Leonardo's "Battle of Anghiari" conducted in Florence's Palazzo Vecchio, in the famous Hall of 500, is a project led and sponsored by National Geographic and the University of California.
Once in the city we took a ‘Duck tour’ around Boston (in an amphibious WW2 style vehicle). As we only had one day we wanted to see as much of the city as possible and we chose to take one of these tours where they take you on land and water because we thought it might be something different/memorable/fun. We had a great guide (lots of sights and stories - historical, educational... all the boxes ticked) plus Mark and h both got to drive the vehicle on the Charles river too so all round it was excellent (expensive but well worth it).
She nodded in acquiescence. The effect of the sake had begun to fuzzy up her brain. Words managed to escape her as she took another scoop. This time she bit into something rubbery. Not sure what it was she swallowed without thinking about it.
Look at how Gibson Guitars has been treated. They have been raided multiple times, but they can’t defend themselves because in the last three years, this administration won’t say what crime they are charging them with. They are destroying a good and honest company that creates jobs and does business production here in America. Their crime – successful capitalism. Something Obama will not tolerate.
But none the less he mentioned that he was in North Carolina earlier in the day with Jimmy Fallon. And boy, when I heard that, the second I finished hearing what the President said at CU, I was on the intertubes faster than you could swing a dead cat. Hulu has the entire clip, beware, as soon as you start watching you’re gonna stay till the end.
Science - Colony 5
Related, SPDR Gold Trust ETF (GLD)
The owner was – his words – made up. Generally, he’s slow to smile.
It's been much too long since I enjoyed some good "dorky time" (and I say that in the coolest way possible) with the gals in my family. We decided on an early b-day celeb for Mom served up w/ pumpkin carving with a side of sushi n' sake for a warm n' fuzzy little kick. - (or 2...ok, let's be realistic, more like 4 or 5 "kicks." hehe) We ended up with a pack-O'-lanterns. You wouldn't believe the size of this one giant sucker...a photo doesn't capture it's true mass. Holy crap - this bad boy was 30 pounds of gooey joy! It was surprisingly lacking quantity in the seed department, but the little guys made up for that. All baked to a perfect crisp! Delicious!!! Very cool, my Pop even grabbed a knife and chiseled the biggie. The goofy one on the right was my ode to imperfections. Made me feel like a kid again! Great memories, and now a new one for keepsake. :)
El Libro De Piedra (Also known as The Book of Stone) is about a young girl named "Sylvia", she's a little nutcase because she does odd things and has an imaginary friend named "Hugo" who is just a statue. One day, Sylvia gets a new governess, she's a very sweet woman that believes Sylvia is not crazy but just very imaginative. Well, things get very strange when Sylvia's governess starts seeing a young boy walking outside at night and when she looses her precious jewel in the water near Hugo, it's brought back to her by someone at night. Sylvia's step mother is afraid of Hugo because she's also seen a boy walking outside at night, so why is Hugo walking outside all the time? He just plays with Sylvia a lot, they're friends and they care about each other very much. Later on in the movie we find out Sylvia practices black magic, she draws some sort of demonic signal with salt to bring her lizard back to life and she uses her doll as a voodoo doll to hurt her step mother, then Hugo is doing some bad things like scaring a dog to death and killing Sylvia's godfather by staring at him through a car mirror. In the end of the movie, Hugo is destroyed but that doesn't mean the magical book of stone he carries is gone, Sylvia holds the book for him and becomes a statue herself.. When we see her as a statue, it is just sooo creepy.
I'm not the perfect daughter but you loved me perfectly. I can't say that I've never hurt you, I know I have, in words and in actions. But you never stopped caring. Thank you.
I could see them all on the ‘right side’ side of the pavement, chatting away. I had two options here: I could either abandon the green man and run across like a bat out of hell or allow the green man time to compose himself and HELP ME CROSS THE BLOODY ROAD!!
too! This looks like a pen and fits into your pocket
In any event, the Scary Seed within me germinated like a mutant pumpkin in a mad scientist's lab.
He hobbles out of the café and Mi Roo demands to know why he did it. He tells her to stop yelling at him because even he wants to die from embarrassment. Why was she so persistent about meeting Sofia? She repeats that it’s because she wants to give up writing the column. Since Sofia doesn’t exist, he should take over the column or return the money he received for it. He insists that he did return it, directly to the editor 6 months ago after reading the first column. Still in disbelief, Mi Roo chases after him wanting to hear more.
Blood has a short shelf-life, and cannot be stored up for disasters. The best way to be prepared for both every day need and unexpected events is to reach out to donors and find a way to engage more of the public in regular blood donation.
By law, except with adults, general protective considerations (such as “making an example”) can play no role.
I still maintain my landline and DSL, but for seven years, I had a bare-bones prepay phone as a matter of necessity: you know, one pre-buys a finite number of "minutes" and airtime. Not a smartphone. But it fulfilled my limited needs: got great reception, the minutes were relatively inexpensive when bought in bulk, it sent and received text messages. I use my iPod Touch for data and apps.
This weekend was, per usual, a good one, filled with mimosa-filled brunches and waffles and hanging out with friends who are finally on their way back to the city and finally getting my apartment to look less disheveled.
Ok so there you have it. Appologies for any problems. once I have a working shopping cart of my own, I can change psotage to suit diffent countries, and then items will be available to everyone.
Jim Buchanan – Fiddle
The first indisputable contemporary evidence found during this study of Foster's commercial artistic activity is an advertisement that he placed in The Leeds Mercury of 17 June 1809. The words "By His Majesty's Royal Letters Patent" suggest that a Royal patent had been granted for the newly invented machine for sketching profiles in a short space of time, accurately and in great detail, although Foster in this particular case neither implicitly states that he was the inventor of the machine nor the grantee of the patent.
40. Reading what I write and giving me honest feedback.
Most of the pages dedicated to information and techniques are also framed with a floral border (with a different print for each chapter). If you really loathe "girly" things this book's styling is probably not going to be for you but I found it pleasingly pretty without being too twee, with a focus on bright colours and fresh-feeling patterns.
Johannesburg - More than a third of numbers for South African police stations do not work, the Democratic Alliance charged on Sunday after conducting a survey.
On to the update!
Remember fitting yourself to the single-person comfy bubble, and finding a magical consolation in solitude?
YOU have a simple choice to make, be kept occupied with pie-in-the-sky dreams and get killed in the meantime, get killed along the way, or wake up and take charge of your situation NOW, where you are NOW, here in the land of REALITY.
Oh dear.......
I'm starting the new year off with a couple book reviews. This is more like what I'd intended the blog to be about, but I think I'll still keep up with writing updates as well from the ROW 80. Maybe a better blend of the old and new aims.
On Friday, each of the survivors of last year's 24th Street corridor assaults received greeting cards with notes and messages of support, along with a $4,000 check from a fund established for their benefit by the Fair Oaks Community Coalition. Cards and checks were delivered by the District Attorney's office of Victim Assistance. One of the women, who has been aided since the attack by close friends in Noe Valley, asked those friends to share this message with the community:
another living soul
I guess it’s time
VII. CONSERVATION AND THE FUTURE
The charges are based on “mandated reporter” laws, which require school officials, clergy and virtually anyone with access to and control over a child to immediately alert child protective services and law enforcement if they have any reason to suspect abuse or child endangerment.
Arkansas will beat LSU on their home field.
The 4 week average of the TSP bull ratio (shown above) has also declined to levels that would suggest a significant low is in order.
603 D-VI/30/1970. “‘Political Trials’ and the Relevance Today of the Catiline Conspiracy.” University Dialogues. Oak Park Churches Summer College Program, Oak Park, Illinois.
“Three hours in bed? I don’t get it – why can’t you do whatever you have to do at the kitchen table?”
Anyway, I steamed it, kind of, in aluminum foil. Easy recipe!
Facebook or Twitter: Neither, Pinterest. I find Facebook sometimes a little too much like being in High School. No offense intended to anyone.
No, hell doesn’t even do it justice– it’s an experience that will be far worse than even my deepest imaginations can conjure up.
In decorating- nothing can be more stylish than a Stripe & it's probably the most democratic of all fabrics.
Amber color again for a Carolina beer. Light malt and medium hops. Some citrus in there and a nice bready aftertaste. Medium mouthfeel. This a good basic stable beer for everyday drinking... 3 Star.
Mix the liquid ingredients until smooth, then stir in the flour mixture just until moistened. Fill muffin tins (lined with muffins liners) 3/4 full with the batter. In a small bowl, combine 2 TBSP sugar with 2 tsp cinnamon and sprinkle over the batter.
Oh man, I know the feeling. But waiting is almost as bad as rejections. How did you cope with those?
A massive thank you to everyone who is following us. You are brilliant. xxx
But... that didn't stop me from eating it all.
Light, whispy tufts of spray paint and thick wrinkled blobs, puddles, make up the surfaces of Morris’ paintings. Areas are thinned down to a wash with turpentine. Shapes overlap literally as puddles, or thick pudding skins, are laid down and piled on one another.
If you saw their office, you would understand the decorations. Beautiful tropical fish tanks and a large collection of shark accessories!!
On an angry scale of one to ten, I am Hulk.
I guess thats all I can share... Will try to exert more creative juices by this weekend. In fact I have another 3 LOs in progress...well it was last year's untouched LO so I decided to finish it. MUST! hehehe
I installed it, but had some difficulties with getting it to work. My PC has 2 soundcards - the onboard Realtek card and an old Soundblaster 16 PCI card.
hold an uncorked bottle to my mouth
□ Album and main career
Holy buggering smeg, Batman.
Means: "No one will ever see us alive again."
Cost: $30 per person
TOP made a comeback with a shocking mint green hairstyle. What’s your thought for the ‘ALIVE’ album?
So now what?
Here are some journal questions you can use with your older children. After they write their thoughts, take time to talk over these heart-issues with your older student.
It has the appearance more of a bar/restaurant, entry that day was difficult due to the two staff smoking and blocking the door, peering through the window I couldn't see any hand pumps. Next time I'll venture in but that day I had plenty of others to choose from.
It joins other art prizes of regional-origin**, the Mortimore Art Prize (Dubbo), the Inglis Equine Prize (Dubbo) and the Macquarie Photographic Prize (Dubbo), the Calleen Art Prize (Cowra), Art Unlimited (Dunedoo) and the Outback Archies (Coonamble). Some of these prizes are themed and some have themed sections.
I'm incredibly grateful for the relationship I have with my parents, and that my parents are the people that they are.
The Verdict: I must say, I have never been so satiated. The rich flavor of the mildly hot sauce and the crunchiness of the the chicken were like fireworks playing in your mouth. I kid you not when I say; you haven’t tasted chicken if you haven’t tasted Manang’s Chicken.
Socially this was a step forward from when I was a younger child. At age eight or nine, when anybody came around, I started to lecture to them about Wagner and would do a "show and tell" using LOHENGRIN or TANNHAUSER. Now, I knew NOTHING about the dramatic content of any of these operas by Wagner. But you can be sure that when the subject was Wagner's music I had become an expert after a fashion and wanted to shared my enthusiasm for this newly discovered beauty with the whole world. I was "the Little Professor" and I would point out, for example, the effect of the brass writing, and the "majesty" (my word choice) of the music. This did not go over very well, and even the parents of these children complained about my taste for Wagner and my overall manner. Wagner! Earth Wind and Fire might be more socially acceptable than Wagner because it was a best selling band, but among the racist whites I encountered this too was a problem. My relatives on my father's Southern side always would criticize me in this manner: "Mitchell why don't you got no white faces on your record covers?" was their refrain.
It's nowhere, everything is too far and running away isn't possible yet..
Robert Alvarez, a nuclear waste expert and former senior adviser to the Secretary of Energy during the Clinton administration, has crunched the numbers pertaining to the spent fuel pool threat based on information he obtained from sources such as Tepco, the U.S. Department of Energy, Japanese academic presentations and the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations (INPO), the U.S. organization created by the nuclear power industry in the wake of the 1979 Three Mile Island accident.
Snack: 2 tbsp hummus with sandwich thin (toasted in the oven with garlic) & 2 clementines
Hyouka looks great. Nothing quite spectacular has happened or anything, but I’m sure a show wouldn’t have 21 episodes and such nice animation if it didn’t at least try to go somewhere, so it’s certainly worth a shot of you like mild mysteries, school life or are simply an admirer of good animation.
Just before morning prayers
The words began to stick, and tears to flow
–Og Mandino
"We have time." Demetrius insisted, kissing down to her neck and nibbling upon her sensitive flesh. She gripped his biceps and clenched her thighs.
Most of these woes have to do with formatting, but I think that’s just silly. Sure, I don’t really know what I’m doing, but that’s what the free version of Celtx is for. Admittedly I still sometimes have questions about how to imbed a flashback in a scene or how to cut away from one room to another room to show simultaneous events, but generally speaking, formatting is pretty easy if you don’t try to do it yourself.
Here are my results (I know they aren't a perfect color match, but hey I'll take it)
YouTube Downloader’s unique software downloads content from all the major video streaming sites, not only YouTube. It can convert your movie files into any number of formats, including everything from MP3, MP4 and AVI to 3GP and MPEG. View All
Though the song is not about Nikki Sixx, I did use his name in the lyrics.
"Sunset!"
Manhattan Towers
Miscellaneous: Tim Holtz Distress Ink stamp pad Vintage Photo; Jewels Glitter Ritz Light Gold glitter; Recollections pearls and star brad
Then again, we feel like we have known you all of our lives, and you will be in our hearts forever and beyond.
But…
6) If someone were to buy you a birthday gift on Etsy, what 3 words would they use in their search?hooks, original, humor. I can always use more crochet hooks (which I have all covered by PolymerClayCreations), and I love things that no one else has, especially if they make me smile.
As I don't believe that a person should blindly follow instruction, I did my research into this aspect of my faith, and came to the following conclusion. Personally, I see the Word of Wisdom in this light – it is a care and instruction guide for my body. Much like a vehicle comes with a set of instructions, that is what the Word of Wisdom is to me. Just as a vehicle manual advises you not to use diesel fuel in a standard engine as it may cause destruction or damage to the internal workings of your car, the Word of Wisdom advises that you not partake in substances that will cause damage to the internal workings of your body.
AAM: Yes, you can think that. Yes.
The bishops want all Catholics to contact their MPs and respond to an online survey being conducted by the Federal Parliament Standing Committee of Social Policy and Legal Affairs.
AB800 @ 1/8 into softbox camera rear triggered w PW II
Background: Black and White fabric
But what I want to know is this. Why do supermarkets have to put stickers on them? It is disgusting. You have to peel them off and then literally scrub the gluey goo off the pear while you’re washing it. Today the skin of the pear was so gooey and gluey that I actually had to cut a bit of the pear off. I know! Shocking, isn’t it. I mean I don’t go spending my hard earned money on a pear so I can cut some of it off and throw it out, do I? And all because shops can scan the bloody thing because it’s more efficient. I mean can they not just have a button with a picture of a pear or can they not just get a machine that recognises the actual product and scans it thus – now there’s an idea for someone to have a crack at.
I have never really explored Manila as an adult. The last time I was in the city was for one night in 2009, en route between Hong Kong and Mindanoa province. It was a blur of a night. I remember only concrete and more concrete, and a long taxi ride amongst humidity.
Here is where I will be in the next month. Check out the list of events to see if I am coming your way. If I'll be near you, please come see me. I'll sign your books, talk literary crushes, dissect the Hunger Games movie with you, whatever. I may even have bottles of TSG nail polish to give away at some of the events.
Best contradiction of 1Malaysia
I had both today, this morning when I woke up. Voices, that is. The Voice was predominate, as usual lately, but I also was able to distinguish the faint whisperings of my own mind..something that I have been incapable of for quite some time. I relished in the sweetness of my awareness as I actually ate something I needed to this morning. Too bad, ‘for it was too short lived. Granted, in this vulnerable position in which I am living, I was fairly predisposed to eventually losing the slight progress I was allotted upon my awakening. However, I do believe that your opinions served as the smallest of catalysts, if I may.
Two-wheeler auto maker TVS Motor Company has announced the launch of the new Apache RTR 2012 series comprising cosmetic changes. The Apache RTR series incorporates new beast themed styling.
kids dont just run away for no reason.
One of my daughters, who attends the University of British Columbia, in Vancouver, is organizing an event to help raise funds for future field trips for the environmental engineering program. I offered to help out, by donating a prize. Since the event is taking place near Valentines day, I decided to go with a bit of romantic heart theme, and created this necklace, which is actually two necklaces in one! This is a long style necklace, created with a mix of vintage and new chains, an assortment of wonderfully textured brass beads from days gone by, and genuine Swarovski crystals. The large heart pendant is awesome!
Reach Andrew Knapp at 937-5414 or twitter.com/offlede.
Is it daring to declare your heart’s desire?
Drain the tuna. Transfer to a bowl and flake into pieces with your hands. With a fork mix in the beaten eggs, garlic, shallots, tomatoes, parsley, 2 tsp olive oil, bread crumbs. Season with salt and pepper.
I ate my first cherry tomato July 25th!! I have a few more on the way..
At four a.m., the dog--a failure as a bloodhound but still a loyal watchdog--barks once.
I hope you enjoy looking at my projects!!
Remember: the purpose of the CV is to get you an interview. If a recruiter puts you forward for an interview and the employer agrees to meet you then perhaps your new CV is an improvement on the old one.
11 Contact name at location or name of individual/team in SHU offering work
The third bread of the BBA Challenge is bagels. That just seems ridiculous doesn't it. I'm a new bread baker and an even newer yeast bread baker and I'm making bagels!
For me, I LOVE having this information front & center by the door.
AVATAR is, pretty plainly, a cowboys and indians movie where the cowboy “goes native” and ends up fighting against the system that produced him, and the film does fall into the racialist trap of having Jake often make a better Na’vi than the Na’vi themselves make: he’s not only chosen by the Na’vi’s god as being special but he manages to tame the big red flying dinosaur thing that only five other Na’vi have ever done in the entire history of their people.
The Iranian man on trial for refusing to renounce Christ. Suddenly everyone’s talking. Facebook statuses now plead prayer on his behalf. Persecuted for his faith, not the lack of it.
The battle was quite straightforward but with some nice terrain to take cover. I placed a bunker near the NI’s deployment zone just because of the slight difference in points, and off we went with the game. We deployed and started moving around.
She shrinks toward Campion’s formal tunes
Just 'cause you're told to write what you know, doesn't mean that's all you should do. Create, too, please! Creating is part of the joy of writing.
good fortune: luck
That's all I can really say right now. I don't mean to be cryptic but yet I must be. Just know things are going well. We're making it one day at a time.
4-Full Self Expression
This is my commandment: love one another as I love you.
But only if you shove the term Mary-Sue into a deep dark closet somewhere and leave it there except for very, very special occasions.
hehe. Ok, sorry about that, I just think this might become a special part of my blog- "Cards for Co-Workers"...kinda has a ring to it, don't you think? lol
A signed written statement from each partner, stating that they are single (if you have been married before, a copy of the divorce papers)
Our school food service professionals who are out there, they have dedicated their careers to helping our children grow up healthy and happy. They work long hours and they stretch budgets to the limit, often with no recognition at all. And their advice has been so invaluable as we’ve tried to identify areas where schools can improve and become more efficient. So they deserve our respect and our admiration, and I want to take the time now to thank them for their service and for their -- (applause) -- for their hard work.
Bronze: Domaine DuPage, Two Brothers Brewing Co., Warrenville, IL
“This is both racist and a load of crap…” it opened. After the initial shock at the critique we sparked, it was a quick decision for us to approve the comment for publication completely unfiltered and just as it had been submitted. The comment’s tone was actually hard to read. It seemed to be animated, offended, joking and chiding all at the same time, and ultimately closed with a rhetorical question and a smiley-face. Maybe it was a good-natured challenge. Anyways, we don’t take it personally. We can take the critique.
Waterproof a Tent
And do you know what I have to say to these "guidelines" and these demands?
He was a beast in the bed, the one which she was never used to.
Grab ice cube trays, jello molds, bowls or cake pans. Fill and freeze with colored water (diluted liquid watercolor or food coloring work well). You can decorate your quinzhee with pretty ice jewels. Get tricky and freeze string or ribbon into your ice and hang ice ornaments in trees.
Christian talks about numbers all the time and he's always trying to teach McKenna how to do math problems or how to count to 100. For the record, he's probably the most impatient teacher I have ever known. But McKenna does her best to keep up with him and she has learned a thing or two. The other day she was heading out the door to go play and she looks back at me and says "Mom, I love you 100." I guess that's her way of saying she loves me a lot! Christian has also been trying to teach her the word "infinity." But she can't seem to remember the word, so she's always asking, "What's the last, biggest number?" I'll remind her that it's "infinity" and then she'll say something like "Oh I wish I had infinity doll clothes." or "I love Will infinity and I love you 100."
If you are looking for a store where you can buy Saucony running shoes, you can visit ZBSports.com: a small uniquely holistic internet retailer and outdoor sport store located in Philly, PA and Hendersonville, NC. They have a wide variety of athletic shoes and apparel. They are actually a one-stop-shop for your sports apparel needs.
For the past few years, it’s been quite a trendy, quirky spot, with lots of generally overpriced (yes, we know how to mug tourists in more ways than one) junk/bric-a-brac and antique shops and several decent restaurants. It’s very touristy in summer, and getting there and back in the high season can be a real nightmare. The narrow main road gets clogged with traffic moving at pace which would make a snail proud. I noticed though, as we wandered around yesterday, that a lot of the shops have closed down and new whacky boutiques have opened – sign of the times, or recession, who knows.
Those who can appreciate what is real and unreal cannot give up the pleasure of hearing about Krsna’s name and fame. So just imagine the pain Arjuna felt in having to give up Krsna’s personal intimate company.
This day of visiting one of my old haunts only reaffirms why I left Northern Virginia a decade ago. My schedule is one of my choosing. My life is filled with meaning and quality, nurturing images inspire me, while I am embraced by a supportive small town humanity.
Lola: First, no one trusts me to be designated driver-
I have not drunk milk for sixty years.
Judy’s success has led to a busy few years with many projects and exhibitions to organise, as well as keeping her business ticking over. But why is she doing everything on her own? She could have interns but she said but it’s hard to know whether there what she’s looking for or even whether they’ll get on. She’s really not keen on working alongside other fashion designers either because when they’re using the same inspirations they can start to come up with very similar ideas and Judy loves her creations to be unique.
Wow what stunning LO's you all came up with for January Scrap Map, we have all had a lovely time looking through them all and thank you so much for joining in with us for our challenges. Its great to see so many people joining in with us :)
Cuts. Fed up of them. As the only people who are really paying for them are you and me. Well, you. As I live in France.
The writer in question is, to me at least, an unknown. A nobody. The name John L. Beiswenger doesn’t ring any bells and if you do a search on him, you might find that his book, Link, bears a rather bland cover with a tagline that gives me a headache whenever read it. The writing featured in Amazon’s preview leaves a fair bit to be desired. That said, though, the offending first few paragraphs appear to be written as if the protagonist was writing a report (and we can’t expect all fictional characters to be master scribes) and the writing seems to improve after that, but suddenly it skips to the next chapter and blurts out a load of technical backstory, which is not enough to get any real opinion on it. Truth be told, I don’t think I want to blow £28 on the sole used copy available. If I can find an ebook edition cheaply enough I might give it an honest gander, but I think I’ll pass.
Last weekend, we had a party for the adults in Nikki Dee's life. Then on Thursday, her actual birthday, I picked her up from school at lunch time. We had a hot dog and fries at the chip truck before enjoying ice cream cones. For supper, her parents ordered pizza, and put a candle in cupcakes, so we could all sing again and watch her blow it out more than once.
In 2004 Taschen released “Terryworld,” which, like “Kibosh,” was sexually graphic. In it, Mr. Richardson told Ms. Hanson he never asked a model to do anything that he wouldn’t do. (“I don’t think it makes a model get more comfortable when the photographer gets naked,” Ms. Hanson said.) He also said then, “Getting naked and running around, or having sex in front of a bunch of people, is such a rush.”.
6. I see my mother on TV – True – Mom is an actress and she shows up on my TV from time to time. She hasn’t been acting too much lately, as she and Dad are bogged down with blog reading assignments. As you may have read in an early post of mine, she and my father have a history of squandering her residual checks on cruises and dog-sweaters.
Sony Pictures Television
59. Go to another Broadway Show
Til next time.
Your thoughts of other people define the relationship before it even happens.
Luckily none of us got hurt and we all got to go home safe.
This came hard on the heels of a recent lively discussion on the Colour & Vision Network and Applied Vision Association mailing lists regarding the astounding cost of the journal Experimental Brain Research, published by Springer. The issue was raised by Simon Rushton, Tom Freeman and Petroc Sumner of Cardiff University, who pointed out that the cost to libraries of a yearly subscription to Experimental Brain Research was (at $11,751) roughly 6.2 standard deviations (SD = $1656) above the mean ($1360), which due to the positive skew of the data is actually an overestimate of the representative cost of a Springer journal!
Emotions on wet roads on autumn nights;
It's weird how time feels as though it goes quicker as you get get older.
As soon as his Brooklyn Paramount engagement ended, Columbo replaced Crosby at the New York Paramount, just as Crosby began his stay at the Brooklyn Paramount.
Searchlight Director Gerry Gable
After watching Shelley work really hard for the birth of her baby girl, I too was exhausted but oh so proud of my baby girl. It's hard to see your own child in pain even if the result will be another sweet girl to love. Sweet Man was a trooper and was the very first to hold GK. In fact, the reason she is called GK, besides those being her initials, is because of Sweet Man. GK in his mind stands for grandkid.....so that's the name of that tune. See I'm not the only old Cuckoo in the Casa.
My tester chose Option #3. She has been taking the Fertibella for 2 1/2 weeks and has just used the ovulation strips and found that she is indeed ovulating. She tells me that the TTC Kit has been easy to use, the pills are easy to take and she feels confident that they are working! I am so looking forward to being able to update you all when she becomes pregnant. I'm so glad that I was given the opportunity to be able to do this review and to give the Kit to someone who so deserves to become a Mommy.
Braedan has also had that wonderful experience of choosing a spot in the room, even under the desk, to enjoy a carefully chosen book. He has done this quite a lot in his English language arts class this year and it has fostered his love of reading in a way I had only dreamed possible a year ago. He absolutely totally loves reading and allows himself to get fully immersed in a story. He said recently that he finds it hard to go twenty-four hours without his book, even (he noted with some amazement) on the weekend, when reading is not so strictly enforced. He — and we together — have gotten to know the characters in some of these books so that we’ll refer to them in completely unrelated circumstances: “Wow, that reminded me of the way Pa always says….” and “I think if Digory were here, he’d ….”
Don't forget my three day palette knife workshop from Wednesday, March 28th - Friday March 30th. Orlando Florida, $325. One spot left!
12am or maybe more like 2am: Lay down
to the rhythm
Keep it simple, not complex,
We cannot see how life really is unless we are able to see how we project our psychology onto life. Operating from the perspective of projection, we are ceaselessly reactive. Our sensed world is divided up into discrete categories of what serves our purpose (a very small percentage of what is actually sensed) and what does not serve our purpose (everything else). When we are dominated by projection, we are not open to authentic life. Instead, life is only what we experience through the filter of a Fear-Self.
Furthermore the term Afrikaner originally referred to those colonial Cape Dutch people who often worked against Boer interests & as such these two terms in fact refer to two different & distinct peoples. One poster on a forum once said that the Cape based Afrikaners -ie: the former Cape Dutch- are nothing more than Afrikaans speaking English people. Rather poignant observation since the Cape based Afrikaners have virtually the same cosmopolitan neo colonial liberal outlook as most of the English speakers have which is in sharp contrast to the more rustic / rural / anti colonial & conservative outlook of the Boers.
And there’s a bit of doubt. Did I try hard enough? Did I show them enough love? Could I have changed the situation a bit and had more success?
After seeking my children's opinion, I gladly went ahead to prepare this dish...Braised Pork Belly with Hard Boiled Eggs, 卤蛋红烧肉.
I gave my brother-in-law a blast for being so unethical and that I’d done him a favour by certifying the car, had charged him nothing for the inspection and only $10 for the actual cost of the safety certficate. He assured me he’d look after everything. The car got fixed and left our shop. This was a real turning point for me as I realized my brother-in-law was a huge liability for me and my business and is more or less what prompted me to terminate him.
It wasn't long ago that the only person most of us knew with autism was Dustin Hoffman's character in Rainman. Now, almost everyone has a friend or family member with a child with an Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). The current statistics say that approximately 1 in 110 children in the U.S. are affected by some type of ASD. This can range from Pervasive Developmental Disorder (PDD) to severe autism. This number is up 13% from the mid-90's. We're not sure what has caused the increase. From my reading, it seems to be a combination of things.
I decided to turn this top into a fun little bag for summer.
She grabbed the sweatpants and sweatshirt off the chair next to the computer desk and slipped them on in super slow motion. She didn’t bother to change her socks and she couldn’t remember what day she had first put them on. She stuck her hair in an elastic that she grabbed off the night stand. Much as she wanted to brush her teeth, her oral hygiene would have to wait. She planned to pick up some gum at the convenience store next to the bus depot.
Strengthens the resolve to capture the essence
Off to slog in the enlightenment mines.
"Y'all are my favorite nuts.", (hardy har har, I thought I was so funny)
968 **D-V/6/1987. “A Constitutional Primer for Executives.” Federal Executives Board, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(2), above, pp. 1109-12.)
18. Ayumi Ishida - Yuwakuteki Na Gogo
-Picture wire (one pack is plenty)
He grabbed the .22-caliber pistol he kept next to his bed and went to investigate. He found two young brothers who had been secretly invited to party with an 18-year-old relative he had raised like a daughter and her younger friend. The young people were paired up in separate bedrooms. There was marijuana and sex.
That's about it for now - I've just been messaged to do more work, so gotto fly!! Hopefully I'll be able to sit down and really blog again - lately it's just been updates!!
What more does God say?
Both of these books introduced me to a South that I had never experienced. Although my parents moved to Atlanta in my senior year of high school, I only spent one summer there. I was unhappy away from both my beloved New Mexico and my friends, and I resisted all the charms of this lovely Southern city. Pat Conroy changed those feelings and I hope to return to visit this strange and foreign land sometime again. I fell in love with the south and its troubled, complicated social expectations through Mr. Conroy's descriptions and his deft creation of characters that you both love and hate.
Finally we wish that everyone involved in this event will witness a wonder and create a wonder in their own ways to prove another time that ART is something very special and still incredibly powerful to move mountains and can reach places in other peoples’ hearts than anything else in this world, because it is pure love.
“I came to the conclusion long ago that all life is six to five against.”
My maternal grandmother, Dora, reminded me slightly of Lillian Gish. But she was not a fan — I remember when the subject came up, she mimicked the famous “forced-smile” gesture from BROKEN BLOSSOMS and described how everybody had laughed at it. This confused me: I knew from my reading that the film had been a success. Surely audiences hadn’t mocked such a key scene at the time?
I have to assume it’s because we have less trees on the hill so they are coming into the residential area more. Don’t get me wrong though, I love listening to them and watching them but it does raise the concern that they are more open to attack from domestic cats. All the great work the Bluff Hill/Motupohue Environment Trust are doing trapping pests on the hill and the bloody birds are going to get killed because their trees were removed and they’ve migrated towards the township hence this picture always pisses me off.
Fortunately, though, when I arrived at the bridal shop with parents and a sister in tow (along with no less than 3 trial shoe options, two hair fascinators, a veil, earring options, and a bracelet) and tried on the dress it was what I remembered. RELIEF! Wearing it, I felt beautiful. The size was the right size to have ordered - although it will have to be taken in in the waist and a little in the bust, it was the right size for my hips which, proportionally, is where I am the biggest. BUT because of the rest, my dress saleswoman, had to hold back all the boning so that I wouldn't look like I was swimming in it.
The presenters next talked about the publishing process. They work a year to a year and a half ahead. Authors are asked for their input on the cover. The editor fills out an art sheet with his input and information about the author. Cover mock-ups are made, may be shown to buyers and the author, and a cover is chosen. Next comes marketing and publicity. Authors write an author bio and fills out an author questionnaire that helps the marketing department. Kensington sends out galleys to sales reps, reviewers, buyers and media. They participate in conferences, do giveaways and other creative marketing approaches. They do a lot of digital marketing. They are experimenting with publishing prequals and short stories digitally to promote author’s upcoming books. They’re also looking into establishing a digital-first line of books, though nothing is firm on that yet.
At the end of all this, I regret that Carroll didn’t write that book instead of Krauss. Caroll’s own exposition in the piece I’ve highlighted above is, by his own admission, dense and a bit of a brain-stretcher. But I have the feeling that, given the space of a book, Carroll could have explained the issue a lot more clearly than Krauss. Go read Carroll’s piece, and also his earlier essay, “Turtles much of the way down,” where he consider the question, “Why are the laws of physics like they are?”
Anyway, we found the ideal place. Three steps, then the pool of water below the water feature against a wall. Mostly occupied, but people made room for us. Standing on the second step we could see quite a bit. Could also sit on that step. One row of people behind us on the third step. It was cool and under shade. The perfect spot.
I am SO proud to say that I think we finally got this ball rolling ! Thanks to the Mr. we have figured out how to get C.A.P to use and love the potty.
As you know, Gentle Reader, I have just started writing stories again. I am working on one now, that features a ghost that haunts a china cabinet. My heroine, the owner of the antique store where the cabinet is currently on sale, has just found a packet of letters stuck at the back of the bottom of the lowest drawer. The letters date from the 1800's, and she is just starting to look for any family members.
“I never knew you before,
I sometimes read Dalrock's blog on marriage. He's not writing from a Christian point of view, but he is very interested in marriage and in keeping marriages together, and as such he frequently comments on how today's culture works to undermine marriage.
4) Roofer
Judge Lord Clarke, sitting with Lord Philip, said: "We wish to make it clear that that does not mean he will be released after that period of time. "All that has been done is fixing the period of time that must be spent by the appellant before any consideration can be given to his release."
The accompanying catalogue and the shop at the end is as much a part of the exhibition as the main exhibits, Grayson Perry had a hand in the content and design of both.
Right, to get this out of my system first: The prospect of a new Chaos Codex fills me with equal parts of anticipation and dread. Why is that, you ask? Well, there’s much to consider. Let’s call it: the good, the bad and the (potentially) ugly:
Why do we suppose the “Barter” system faded away as it did? Was it do to people becoming greedy/controlling/manipulating maybe? This created what? Lack of Trust/Faith/Belief/Seperation/Division and Return? Causing a INbalance to the Natural given Balance?
As I have written this over the past couple of months, I’m disappointed that I cannot offer a real solution to this problem. I wish that I had the answers for Uganda and those of you who are interested in doing something to help the people there. Unfortunately, I feel that I have done little more than to highlight problems there and then problems with our response to their problems. I learned so much while I was there, but I still have a lot that I can learn." It is true that we should not be fooled or taken a back by fancy editing and sleek camera skills. However we should also not let people stop us from supporting causes that we feel strongly for. If you continue to want to back the 'Invisible Children' and 'Kony 2012' then please do so as it is completely up to you but it is always good to hear different points of view. When supporting a cause you should always allow both sides of a story to be clear in your mind. Only this way can you have the up-most trust in your decisions. I am in no way trying to tell you that 'Kony 2012' is wrong or that the 'Invisible Children' do not deserve your following, Facebook Picture, tweet or donation I am merely sharing opinions on the subject that I feel should be addressed and listened to. Once you have done so - Then feel free to pledge and what not but don't let a Fancy film take your breath away like it initially did mine.
I guess you have to use larger denominations.
Deep Black Episode 1
AvitalLeibovich: Summary of events:153 rockets fired at #Israel ,54 rockets intercepted,dozens of targets hit including tunnels,ammunition warehouses,etc. AvitalLeibovich: @zaidbenjamin since Friday afternoon MajPeterLerner: #IDF Spokesman Brig. Gen. Mordechai “IDF has eliminated 18 launching squads while attempting to attack #Israel” AvitalLeibovich: In total the #IDF targeted 18 launching squads ready to fire rockets on #Israeli civilians,since Friday #IsraelUnderFire AvitalLeibovich: Iron Dome is only active when detecting a rocket is about to hit a populated area. Over 90% success rate in intercepting #IsraelUnderFire MajPeterLerner: @SharonaSara that is Yoav, aka Poly. My CO, I was watching him on Ch, 2. Islamist terrorist cell discovered – in Lebanese army WTF?! NBC Enlists Al Sharpton to Instruct Rush Limbaugh on “Civility” Video: Palestinian Newspaper Rejoices In Israelis Fleeing For Their Lives
of time off in the summer,
I clear my PC which is more messy than my room, removed old mails, cards pictures. I wonder at times what kind of music I had been uploading. Deleted all the rotting stuff there.
It’s all about who you know, but more importantly who knows you, who sees you as the liminal gateway to their success.
Now if you've heard any Foo Fighter songs or seen the videos you'd be right in thinking that Dave Grohl is almost as cool as Old Knudsen.
All the other series will continue as they have been running—Barbie Angell’s & L.E. Leone’s poems will appear on alternate Tuesdays; Rose City Wednesday & Sunday’s Photo of the Week will continue to appear weekly. There will be no regularly scheduled posts on Thursday or Saturday, but I will leave them open (especially Thursday) for things that may come up thru the week; that's also at least theoretically true for the open Mondays & Fridays. Anyhow, that's pretty much how things have been for a while.
Pass the wit of ancient wisdom, pass the cup of crimson wonder. -
We continue to closely monitor Mother Earth as there are physical changes happening, and some areas are more prone to them than others. We are not allowed to stop those that are necessary, but will do all we can to alleviate any harm to you and keep extensive damage to a minimum. Conditions could well have been horrendous if the dark Ones had their way, but we have stopped their plans to induce catastrophes to reduce the population of Earth. We know many of you cannot comprehend that anyone could fall to that extent, but with the almost total loss of Light such souls have lost any feelings of compassion.
Starbucks Seattle Latte
11. Jess, a brilliant baker and cook who I met on FoodBuzz and I’ve only just started following on Twitter. Drop by http://cake-o-cake.blogspot.in/ and you’ll be glad you did.
And I do mean hard-earned.
I changed the photos in my header, switching out two photos and making them a bit larger. Because I made my header in picnik, which is closing soon (weep), I figured I better make the changes now.
Unfortunately I must admit, if it has been 'massacred' with some software, that rapidly takes away ALL emotions except, GGGGRRRRRR.
Please watch for our upcoming line of baking mixes, coming in the late-Spring/early-Summer of 2010. I will certainly keep you updated.
I hope this doesn’t creep some women out, but let’s be honest here: for men who value friendships with women, most of them would jump at the chance to take that friendship to a more intimate level — assuming there aren’t complicating factors, significant others, etc. There is already a connection that the friendship has been built on, they enjoy spending time with you. You’re also of the opposite sex, and there are human biological needs that both of you have. For these men, getting to be more intimate isn’t about flipping a switch, changing from friends to lovers– it’s about adding another layer, building something deeper on the foundation, being friends and lovers. For a beta man, being in the Friend Zone and the end zone is Nirvana!
As usual, the challenge will run for two weeks and there is a fabulous prize to be won again: Two Elphine House Australia stamps. I hope you will join us. :)
"Huh?"
The AG interprets the Database Directive narrowly, denying database copyright to data within a database and reserving this right to the structure rather than the contents of a database.
So for a bit of an experiment we added our Pilates and yoga onto the website along with Adele’s and Paula’s massage skills, and waited to see if there would be any takers.
Seriously though- isn't that true? People really DO dumb, thoughtless, even mean things. How hard is it to believe in right and wrong and not judge them? I think it is REALLY hard, especially because I have strong beliefs.
He added that if evidence was discovered, the police would ensure the case was reinstated.
I was shocked! I was really thinking another little boy. Tim of course had to brag that he has been able to guess all 4 of the kids correctly. Nonetheless though we are ecstatic, and I cannot wait for Taylor to have a sister. I could not think of a better way to complete our family. 2 boys and 2 girl. Perfect!
Next we have Call Me Gwen-Ever. This is a dusty orange polish that required only two coats. I know it doesn't really look dusty but trust me it is! I really liked the application of this polish, it went on smoothly with no balding/ patchy issues.
It mingles with the shards
Top: Bright Pink Batwing chiffon top from WAREHOUSE
(She’s had five already, and nearly died of young George.) 160
There is much work left to do…
I didn't have any bells for the center so I used some very sparkly beads. I might use more, and I'm still experimenting with the leaf shapes but I like how they turned out.
He makes his way to the edge of a small plateau. Sitting back on his haunches he can see far and wide over the river valley while remaining hidden in the leaves and brush. Below him, vultures and parrots skim the emerald canopy. Their cries echo. The hunger grows. A low rumble rises from his belly, and he growls.
3. Even Flow
Where can I find a Sam?
I have two weeks. You’ll shoot me at the end no matter what I do.
If you cant deal with then then get out of the EDL.
08/11/2010 BUY 0.01 xauusd 1203.05 08/12/2010 1206.09 +3.03
Song shifts to "No Stars" by Figures on a Beach
You see, this summer I was busy, but only working one job as I figured out my plan for this next semester. Then, out of the blue, I got an offer. A school that I had subbed at last spring called me on July 22nd to see if I could take on a long-term sub position for the new sixth grade class.
Candeo Dolce is described by Melinda, the creator of Candeo polishes as follows.
1:02pm. It’s ok. I’m getting there. Beating me up a bit today, but think that’s how it goes… 3rd day, 5th day, 7th day, 10th day, 15th day, 1 month!
It all started one afternoon in the library, many years ago. I was browsing through some books about foresting, and opened a photo book on the subject. Somewhere in the middle there was a picture of a man standing on the top of a hill. Curious as I was, my eyes followed his stretched arm and index finger, pointing at the green hill right next to it, offering ground to hundreds or maybe even thousands of trees. The comment underneath the picture read ‘This man shows us the trees he has been planting during his life’. Not only was I heavily impressed, I was flabbergasted, I was melting.
AG: Well, human beings may not be the end of it, but certainly they are the first fruition, because here is then the possibility of manifest creativity, creativity in the sentient being itself. The animals are certainly sentient, but they are not creative in the sense that we are. So human beings certainly right now seem to be an epitome, but this may not be the final epitome. I think we have a long way to go and there is a long evolution to occur yet.
This page reviewed the following models:
Punch dough down, roll out dough into 1/8 in thick. Cut into round using 3 in cookies cutter. Press dough into lightly buttered muffin pan. Fill up pie, 3/4 full with your favorite filling and let sit for 45 minutes. Towards the end of raising time, preheat oven @ 180C.
Inglourious Basterds
A million shattered dreams
‘uh, dad? you okay?’
And don’t go on Twitter via your phone! Your phone is a nightmare anyway, but you can't even resort to that now. No, no. Because everyone’s talking about the TV programmes you’re not watching – and that’s really annoying.
I feel I have lost my summer and am dreading the winter weather coming round so soon.
Good thing there are crayons and blank place mats when you go to a restaurant with 50 people and the wait time for food is way longer than expected...Not sure what meatballs and eyeballs have in common...
02/02/2012 BUY 0.02 euraud 1.22658 02/10/2012 1.23521 +15.74
a very important period for me, I just wanted to do something
~ Rufus Jones, The Inner Life
What he did say was this:
These are some of the things you'll find within The Danger Box, the new mystery from bestselling author Blue Balliett.
I can't remember a time when Uncle Bill wasn't planted firmly in our lives, the roots stretching across the miles and tethered to our heart strings. Toronto, Calgary and abroad, the strength of his love will be firmly entrenched and his smile engraved in our lives.
After what felt like an eternity, I finally summoned enough courage to open his letter.
Under a calamity of wet,
She added, “…I believe in community-based politics and because I know from public health that community-based action works best. When it’s clear we’ve wrongly trusted our national government to defend our rights, you are the right council and the right people to take that action. You’re who I can reach.”
What caught my eye
Now will you let it hang out in your yard? Ok then, here’s yet another reason…It’s DELICIOUS!!
Here in Australia, Summer is well and truly upon us, so what better time to have a SUMMER CHALLENGE!!! What does Summer mean to you? Do you think of hot days at the beach, swimming in a pool, camping, bold blooms or just generally being outside and playing with the kids? For our friends in the Northern Hemisphere who like to play along, perhaps this is just the challenge you need to escape from the cold and snow that you are experiencing right now?!
“But the people who trust the Lord will become strong again. They will rise up as an eagle in the sky; they will run and not need rest; they will walk and not become tired.” Life is replaced with death. Death is replaced by eternal life.
Metaphors may also be used in ways that introduce bias to mainstream news, but often go unnoticed because they are so engrained in the way that we speak. Otto Santa Ana discusses the ways in which language used by the media can create and maintain negative images of groups of people in his book “Brown Tide Rising.”
Many of Timor-Leste’s independence leaders were educated in Portuguese and have promoted it as the language of resistance to emphasize historical and cultural differences between their would-be nation and surrounding island territories controlled by Indonesia.
Diaper Decisions -- Cost of Cloth Diapers -- A very helpful page that compares various cloth systems with disposables, including energy costs (which I particularly like). It's very detailed, which is helpful -- but it doesn't account for making anything yourself/using one-size diapers, so some of the costs are higher than they would actually have to be. The same goes for the disposables, which can be purchased for less when using sales/Amazon/etc. Still, this page is valuable as a cost comparison, or even as a reminder of costs to include when making calculations.
Mantous (Chinese steamed buns) are normally shaped in round spiral. Due to my inconsistencies, these mantous have been transformed to triangular instead, which remind me of onigiri (a Japanese rice ball which are normally formed into triangular shapes). Soft and fluffy, they go well with a cupof green tea too! A new food fusion perhaps? :)
If I had a glass top coffin,
After offering such a dire diagnosis, the astonishing thing about the ancient spiritual teachings is that they offer a complete solution. They suggest that the world of karma, even though it surrounds us and ensnares us at every moment, is not fully real. Beyond it lies actual reality, which is reached by cultivating the subtler side of the human nervous system.
If you don't already know I have been only blogging since last June to kinda make a scrapbook for my out of town family to visit!! But they don't come and visit as much as I would like, (rude, I know!!) but since I loved blogging I thought about expanding my horizons!! If that makes sense!! :)
China has outgrown the United States, when it comes to daily downloads of free applications. The country tallied more than 1.1 million daily downloads from within the top 300 most popular free apps. By comparison, the U.S. tallied “just below” 1 million daily downloads, Distimo said.
There's no day I dread more than the day, sometime in his 15th year, when the Life Force Sucker comes home from some kibbutz in Israel and tells me he has found GOD. And then says, "by the way," just as he introduces me to his new Jewhoney, Tova. ( I picture her with a pretty face, suntanned shoulders, and big feet. I don't know why!)
It was a great day. I’m so proud to call this smart, beautiful, little “big” girl my daughter.
so we spent a month doing research.
I can't wait to see what my camera finds in 2012!
Here’s a great piece that describes the various methodologies for measuring attribution and the fact that most attempting to do such measurements are falling prey to common pitfalls. The piece, from eMarketer, makes the claim that first- and last-click attribution methods are least effective at measuring multichannel influence. It offers some handy charts describing stats on the most widely used methods, like this one:
17. The brain itself cannot feel pain. While the brain might be the pain center when you cut your finger or burn yourself, the brain itself does not have pain receptors and cannot feel pain.
I don't have a bunch of great reasons why I should be the one to win. I just really wanna win. There are people out there way more deserving of this than myself. But pick me anyways. Just because. Or, you could check out these pictures of my incredibly sad and unromantic master bedroom and realize that maybe there are a million reasons why I need to win. Either way, it's worth a shot.
To win the round with a win.
“For he chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy and blameless in his sight. In love” (Ephesians 1:4 NIV)
But Pac (and a rabbit we'd brought with us) were the only animals. I was very pregnant, and we didn't know anyone. I remember feeling extremely isolated that first winter, and almost bored. Hard to imagine now considering how crazy our schedules have become. Sometimes, I long for those quiet times from the first winter again.
In Japan, a woman who works as a housekeeper to support her young son takes an assignment with a mathematics professor. The professor himself no longer works. Due to a head injury his short-term memory lasts only 80 minutes. Then it is erased and he starts over. He has retained nothing permanently since 1975.
Forex day trading is, as the term suggests, holding trades in the currency market on an intra-day basis, whether by scalping or taking intra-day swing trades. Trade setups are usually based on the smaller timeframes (1min-1hr charts), and typically, will only be in a trade for a few minutes or hours, with the intention of being flat (all trades closed) by the end of the day. Day trading is preferred by individuals who like to be actively entering and exiting trades
All you have to do is care, so give a crap and make it happen.
mweinfeld@hotmail.com
- Elif S.
Whew! It's time to dust off the cobwebs around here. We've had a busy summer and I took some time to focus on my family, friends, and home. I'm excited to get back to blogging again, especially with fall just around the corner and a new season of Glee and Glee Cupcakes!
I often have kids in my plays. I love that there are several generations represented on stage. That has always been my experience of family life, which I write about a lot. But working with child actors is challenging. I have promised Francesca Choy-Kee, who was in Bossa Nova with a delightful child actor and is now in The Luck of the Irish with two equally delightful young actors, that the next time she is in a play of mine, I won't have her scene partner be a kid. It is so rewarding to see a kid on stage, but it also brings a host of challenges.
Today I want to show you a little project I put together to keep all my wrapping supplies "under wraps" (sorry I could not resist the pun).
to unbutton
I recently pulled my cell phone out of my coat, turning the pocket inside-out and losing a memory disk with last year's photos on it. While I always take the "important" photos off of my disks and back them up, I leave the "unimportant" ones to deal with when I get around to it.
Coastal waterbirds in B.C. slipping away
My sister in law says that I have tapped into some spiritual level of cooking and that I am clearly in a new place in my life. I suppose. I think that I have finally found a healthy way to express my love and concern for someone other than insane resentful self sacrifice and good martinis. All I know is, it gives me such joy to make food for my nerdy guy and watch him eat it.
Saute spice mix with some cooking oil, stirring constantly on medium heat until oil separates (~15 to 20 minutes) then add in plum sauce and the rest of the ingredients. Check for seasonings, it should be spicy, sweet, sour and extremely fragrant.
This month…
“Saturday?” Same answer.
The Best Short Stories of O. Henry
Throughout the Old Testament story, the foreigner is often portrayed in a very negative light. However, one story shatters the negative cast of the foreigner and provides hope for undocumented workers, especially women, who are battered by waves of injustice and hate. Ruth, the Moabite woman who refused to leave her mother-in-law Naomi’s side, is blessed by Israel and in return she becomes a great blessing to the nation. Upon her return with Naomi to Israel, she gleans in the field because she and Naomi have no land of their own. She finds favor in the eyes of Boaz, who protects her from the young men in other fields who might “bother” her – a familiar reality for millions of undocumented women working in the fields today. Ruth is forced to depend on the laws of Israel for her continued survival and Naomi’s redemption. Upon making her case to Boaz, he is faithful to fulfill the role of kinsman redeemer on Ruth and Naomi’s behalf. Like Ruth, the undocumented women laboring on farms across the country simply desire to provide for themselves and their families. Like her, they are willing to give up all they know and endure the treacherous journey to the US – a leap of faith that is fueled by their hope for a better future. Once they arrive, their stories do not usually end in the blessing Ruth experienced. Instead of welcome and hospitality, they find distrust, hatred, and abuse because they have no kinsman redeemer. Where is the Boaz of the church today? Like Ruth, undocumented farm workers can be a blessing – if only the church would take them in and love them as their own.
Corn-rows/Cane-rows are plaits which lay flat along your skull. I've got corn-rows up front and the back is regular 3-strand plaits in this 2009 December pic. And we found that taxidermied squirrel in our office. No, I don't know why. Also, I'm a one antlered reindeer. I laughed at my neighbour because his Santa pants had a hole. My antler promptly fell off in response. Kharma.
Or Uncle Ken will poke your ass deep deep with a 3 metre long billiard cue, yeah, all you suckers, I am now an elder too.. Don’t play play.
Talbot likens our brain to a miniature Universe, thoughts as ‘pebbles in the electromagnetic pool of our mind’. He says: ‘Nature uses mathematical underpinning; so does the brain.’
Healing in the name of the Lord
The other member of the club has her introductory flashback episode, and it’s done pretty well. The mysteriousness of the school is enhanced, and the relationship between MC and Yuuko is developed some more. How she died is also explained. A decent episode, more dramatic than usual but it works.
Switching computers always takes time, especially if all of your critical software is buried in boxes in the basement from when you moved two years ago...
-Wolverine sends Deadpool into some sort of high tech assassin dealership, where they customize assassins to go after particular targets.
Please let me know if anything is unclear.
Well, you say, of course they are mainly white, after all 76% of the people in America are white. If we are going to use statistics then that means that 24% of Americans are not white. How many policy making bodies are 24% of color? And to expand the discussion a bit, how many of them are more than 50% female, which would be representative of gender demographics?
For this, the second Evening Academy, Diego Leclery will be talking about God.
Gold: Stoudts Heifer In Wheat, Stoudt Brewing Co., Adamstown, PA
The chiptune scene would arguably not be the force it is today without the work of two European college students in the late ‘90s and early 2000s. Oliver Wittchow created Nanoloop, one of the first sequencers for the Game Boy, as a final project for his Bachelor’s degree at Hamburg Fine Arts University in 1998. He had played around with a program called FastTracker, creating but never finishing any tracks, and wanted to create an interface-oriented program as an outlet for that kind of casual musical curiosity.
to laugh back.
Melanie was in the room with us during the delivery — another amazing photographer. She managed to capture each moment of Nora’s delivery in absolute perfection. Here are a few photos on Melanie’s blog.
laid back the school was. Students took their shoes off along with
Til next time, happy stitching.
Atomic Anxiety: Next up is the multi-talented Ron Fortier, writer of novels, comics, and a play about World War II. What’s your story about, Ron?
Sleep well my friends, dream well … the rest is up to you to continue to experience or not in this illuminating illusion and in the ‘real’ dream world.
Today I am linking up with these great blogs, check them out and enjoy!
Fully 95 percent of CANNEX-listed products are traditional single premium income annuities (SPIAs). Buyers deposit lump sums into these policies and begin taking monthly pay-outs (income) from them right away or within the first 12 or 13 months of purchase. SPIAs have been available for decades but only in the past year or so have they begun to attract enough sales to cause annuity watchers to pay them much heed.
Here's my plan to achieve my goals:
Rely! God is love, rely on the love
No matter how much people insist that I am worthy and should love myself, I know I am a person who is dark inside. There is no love in there. I don't know if I was born broken or if something in life made me this way, but I simply have nothing to offer the world.
The Levites are now standing up and praise God. They speak of how he created the world and all that is in it, he was meticulous about it. God deserves praise for this and he is continuously praised in Heaven for it. In fact, they start on a spiritual summary of the entire record of Scriptures up until that point.
Kerry, as always, thanks for the non-Cards cards.
Brace for the Worst Ever! Climatic Extremes, Primeval Geophysical Activities and WILD Weather to Wreak Mega Havoc in 2011/2012 and Beyond…
Friday Night Toddler Fight
Don`t know why UAF bothers to turn up. It`s obvious we`re not who they claim we are. And they`re making themselves look stupid; repeating the same lies and propoganda bull. People will ask questions and make up their own minds. This must be really frustrating for those that would try and tell us what to think and what opinions too have. Still their good for a laugh I suppose.
refusing to buy another bottle of warm water I suffered with what I had....
Ah, but you were right it was perfect as I got in behind the wheel.
That's me! For some reason every time I try to start a diet I end up eating even MORE than I normally would. Feeling deprived does. not. work. for me. So my new plan is this: any time that I feel like I want to eat more than what I planned for my meal, I'm going to walk for 15 minutes on the treadmill, and then drink a big 'ole glass of water. It probably won't quench the craving, but it will at least distract me. And I guess my method will be lather, rinse, repeat until the next meal time. I haven't quite figured out the logistics.
A veiled satire about the turbulent relationship that exists between the men who wield power and the women who must service them to get ahead, screenwriter Clark Carlton attempts to expose the evils of the Hollywood dream machine, and does a tremendous job doing so. While some women do end up becoming prostitutes when they comes to L.A., the one's who enter the entertainment industry aren't that different than their streetwalking cousins. Whether it's a hooker turning tricks in an alleyway off Wilshire or an aspiring actress choking on a producer's schlong at a party in Malibu, they both earn their money by getting jizzed on. To reinforce this dichotomy, there's a shot of a seemingly random prostitute in a pink top standing on the street corner. Which might seem gratuitous. Yet, upon further inspection, you'll notice the lacy outfit she is sporting is eerily similar to the one's the female valets are forced to wear. Signifying, that at the end of the day, we're all prostitutes.
In the middle of both final chase scenes, (one of) the vehicles our heroes use to flee from the Terminator/T-1000 are toppled over.
Montana Mixer, you complete me. Unfortunately, since I live nowhere near you, the fact that I found you anywhere in this god-forsaken hell-hole of BFE is a fucking miracle. It's a taste of home in a magical 12-pack of awesomeness. No matter what happens on any given day, I know that you can cheer me up by bringing me to a level of intoxication rivaled only by most other beers. But you're special. You taste good – which is unlike most other beers. To more accurately describe you...
then you get french fries!
Prisma Pencils:- Dust LF149/ Jug & Ribbon & Shoes LF129 Dress & Wings LF217.
Thanks so much for stopping by and leaving some love. Your comments really make my day.
And you know what's sad? I don't know that I miss it all that much. I think when I start to really miss it, I will make the time to create.... and the mojo will flow.
I’m afraid those players are long gone.
In Nigeria, spills are weekly events.
And that’s saying a lot. Anyone who knows me knows I always have hot chocolate in my pantry, even during the summer. But last night I tried something new and was pleasantly surprised!
Stop talking about the RM850 million court judgment that, because of the government’s intervention, Tajuddin Ramli does not have to pay to Danaharta.
“We appeal to the international community, human rights organisations, United Nations and civilised nations to take notice of such barbaric acts of Pakistani forces against Baloch people and play their important role to put an end to the ongoing full-fledged genocide of Baloch nation by Pakistani forces,” the PR concluded.
“You have always lived in Stormwind?” Brulee asked gently.
If you think that you need a conditioner, and then use a conditioner which is very mild. Apply the conditioner only at the tips and in the middle do not apply at the roots and scalp and take care that you rinse it completely. Do not select products, which have silicone, oils, or lanolin.
We are fortunate in that this year’s conference is receiving financial support from the Centre for Liberal Arts and Social Sciences at Nanyang Technological University. Thanks to this support, we are, for this year only, able to waive registration fees in order to help offset the higher cost of staying in Singapore compared to other Southeast Asian cities (it was recently ranked as having the highest hotel room rates in Asia).
LESSON #3: Passions can be destinations, but are more frequently journeys. It’s an interesting point about passions that they are viewed very, VERY differently by children than they are by adults. A child is more apt to pursue a passion because it is fun, without a specific attachment to be successful at it. They don’t begin the pursuit of a passion with an understanding of its highs and lows, or what it could be, or certainly what it should be. But as adults, we often tend to start a passion with an expectation about what it will look like. For example, Kade periodically talks about building a time machine. His interest is in designing it, measuring, and cutting, and hammering – and sharing it with me. Generally, an adult wouldn’t even begin building a time machine because you “can’t” – and if they wanted to hammer, measure, and cut, it would be in pursuit of a specific end goal, like a shelf or a chair. In my pursuit of my “career” as a teacher, it clearly moved from the “destination” to the “journey.” I read more, I learned more, and I experienced more about what being a teacher would be like. I realized that it wasn’t the right time for me, and with the idea of teaching still gnawing at me a bit, I dropped the idea and went to work in Human Resources.
Are there plenty of plot twists and surprises? It's surprising how much a small book took me by surprise. Never just a book on the number of pages!
Precisely as we predicted many moons ago, the austerity has been …
3So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.
Things around here are getting better. Let's say....about a three out of ten.
We have three separate police inquiries — Elveden, Weeting and Tuleta.
amounting N200,000,000.00.”
This is an engaging young adult romance starring a teen drama queen and the two hunks in her life. Once Rashad forms the triangle, the fun begins and never slows down until the final beach scene. Readers will enjoy Cool Like That as Gia’s soundtrack in her head includes Chrisette Michele, Beyonce, Ledisi and Mraiah Carey, etc, but should also have her singing ancient history’s Did You Ever Have to Make Up Your Mind? (Lovin’ Spoonful)
What is going on in this part of Michigan, today, is similar to what has been going on in nearby Wisconsin for years. The reason why the public (teachers and other government worker groups) in that state will be trying to recall their current governor in an election quite soon, is also the reason Detroit’s union representatives and members are threatening what sound like riots. (Some Black Panther types have said in plain English that if these contracts are altered they will burn Detroit to the ground.)
$1.00 off Pillsbury Refrigerated Holiday Cookie
Sundae Stripe in Sherbet Ruby by Bonnie and Camille
It seemed weird to me that Mike wanted to have lunch with me alone, since he, John, and I had been long time friends and something of a "Three Musketeers" act at the company where we all worked. None the less, I accompanied Mike to a very nice local restaurant. (This also seemed weird to me because we generally went to dives that were cheap but had good food.)
The judges were local celebrities. There was probably some huckster from the local rock radio station there. And some other hack. But the hack that mattered most to us was Rob Preuss. He was still the keyboardist for Burlington’s seemingly-coke-inspired, ‘80s hairspray pop band. The Spoons. He hadn’t yet traded in the sky-high pompadour for a mullet and a ride with Honeymoon Suite.
Any way, this little card is for a lovely friend of mine at work who is moving onto a new section and I wanted to let her know she will be missed (hello Jill if you are reading this).
Big A, little A, bouncing B
Now we can go IN the house when we're not supposed to and walk OUT of the house when we're not supposed to!
It would be so refreshing to see a celeb saying it AS IT REALLY IS. Who admits to relying on a nanny, who struggles with losing the extra weight, who just looks fecking KNACKERED.
L
opposed to the demystification strategy utilised by she-rebels from
3. The problems of evil and suffering
We have witnessed the American educational institution FIGHTING over whether or not they can teach creationism or ID as science. Simply because the religions want to be heard.
We'd never experienced anything like this in 20+ years of marriage. If you've been down Financial Turmoil Boulevard, then you know exactly what I'm talking about and how much we've suffered.
Dear Lord,
First up....
Good Egg w G $9.00
5. On Monday, I got a great workout that made me feel sore in all the right places for days afterward! I love when that happens! I’ve got to go out and get a giant blue ball now…
My back spasmed. Now, I'm not saying God made my back spasm. I believe God's will is for it to be "on earth as it is heaven," but my thinking is somewhere around this: when I try to disassociate my thinking with thinking like God then my body suffers the consequences; in this case, my back.
Hope you all have an AMAZING 2012! xxxx
A few months ago I walked into Megan’s room and noticed she was very upset. I asked her what was wrong, and as the tears welled up in her eyes she said, “Nothing.” My first instinct was to MAKE her tell me. I’m the Mom, she’s the kid, she’s hurting, and I want to know what’s going on RIGHT. THIS. MOMENT. I had to resist the enormous urge of falling back into the familiar pattern from my childhood of the parent making the child spill her guts immediately. Instead, I chatted with her, asked probing questions, and realized she really wanted to talk about what was bothering her, but she was afraid of getting a bad reaction. A MOM reaction. An overreaction. Given what I have learned from my own experiences, I assured her there was nothing she could say that would upset me so badly that I would freak out on her. I promised that I would calmly listen to what she had to say until she was completely finished.
That movie is magic for me every.single.time
13. Houses In Motion
The second is spending your morning Facebook-stalking all your old girlfriends and realizing that everyone is prettier, smarter, and more popular than you, as evident by their prom pictures. As a home-schooled recluse who talks to her chess pieces, nothing is worse than seeing your ex-classmates pose next to real boys in glittery satin dresses.
It’s been just about six weeks since I learned I have Crohn’s disease. I have been doing a lot of thinking and informal research on topics that I never had to give much thought to before. I keep coming back to three big ideas.
Quinn’s fourth fabulous mystery (see WALLA WALLA SUITE and HOMICIDE, MY OWN) is an excellent thriller filled with twists that keep readers wondering what next as nothing is quite like it seems. The heroine has a need to know re Krapp though she wishes that wasn’t so while the Bruno scenario just will not go away. With Beckman encouraging her to get involved and help on his case while assisting her with the calls, readers will appreciate Quinn’s adventures as she is caught in the crosshairs by The Other Romanian.
This weeks challenge is to release the stress through your art. Find some inspiration through the song posted. Maybe you too are saddened by friends you know going through a difficult time as well. You can dig deep, or touch on something simple.
I assumed that was source of the restlessness: resentment at spending my Sunday grading, guilt not to be with the boys. I love teaching writing but have to confess myself worse than the students this year in having early-onset of summer fever. As much as I’ll miss this fabulous year when it ends, right this moment I want nothing more than hours alone to myself to read and write and play with my boys and maybe, if I have to, get the house clean. Or go on a date. Student papers drag their toes in self-conscious awareness there’s no competing with all that. Together, the weighty bag of papers and I went through the day watching guilty marathon episodes of Miami Towing on tru.tv (yeah, that bad) knowing I was clearly in a state of avoidance.
Workers die around the world everyday whilst they labour to earn a living. Just last year a man lost his life working in Gibraltar.
It looked pretty great! Gotta love an easy no sew project that also creates storage!
For those of you who can eat a whole bag in one sitting—YOU ARE NOT ALONE!
Secondly, while each scenario has some interesting wrinkles with secret plots and characters, that I shall not divulge here, the NPC rules in WHAA really are geared towards fighting, which is after all what the game is about. I could play out the various NPC plots using something like the excellent Mythic RPG rules, however I really just wanted to get on with the battle. So various sub plots, most notably that of the druid Ferndale Snart, have been dropped.
Taans: It’s fascinating to see how quickly Auster has gone, in your view, from being an indispensible mentor to Tel Aviv’s Satanic puppet. I suggest that this speaks to nothing but the rapidity of your descent into Jew-hatred. Since this occurred recently and so quickly, I’ll hold out some hope that it’s a passing phase.
I found this to be one of the most fascinating books that I’ve read in a long time. A book that flows nicely, The Shipping News provides complex underlying themes by introducing small exerpts from the 1944 Ashley Book of Knots at the beginning of each chapter. As I entered into the final chapters, these reflections truly became relevant and contributed greatly to the success of the book. Set in the rich, always-changing, land/seascape of Newfoundland, I felt that in a very honest way, I finally had some inkling of what life has been for Newfoundlanders. Issues of overfishing, development, weather, economic struggle and family life were pieces of thread, knotted together into a very satisfying narrative. A VERY ’magical’ read!
dropping from the sky.
Sorry is a word that we
He added, “Because it is being conducted by CBS, the one-day seminar gives an intimate perspective on the casting process of network TV shows and mini series. This CBS workshop is focused on us because American Indians are the ‘Invisible Americans’ on television”
Won’t force it because to break this beautiful cycle would be suicide.
There was no pre-Atlantic Yards feasibility assessment for the Vanderbilt Yard (remember, the city had no plans for it before Forest City Ratner proposed Atlantic Yards), no effort to foster a rezoning, and no announcement of infrastructure support before the city and state had embraced the developer's project.
Okay, sorry to bore you guys. But weeelllll.....
With that mentally, we went into the bulk of the lesson.
Hello, Everyone! Today, I have an "InSpiReD" tutorial for you!!!
A State Department spokesperson explains lamely that the reward is meant for incriminating evidence against Mr. M that would stand up in court. The prime minister of M’s home state condemns foreign interference in his country’s internal affairs. In the midst of this imbroglio, the United States decides to release $1.18 billion in aid to the cash-strapped government of the defiant prime minister to persuade him to reopen supply lines for US and NATO forces bogged down in the hapless neighboring Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
It also helped that every story had a different color shaded camera to each one so that we could tell which story was which and it added a lot to the stories. The USA stories are all full of washed-out colors that look like they have been in a rain-storm for about 3 days while the stories that take place in Mexico has a very distorted color look that gives it this very yellow and bright color that seems like it came from the “Jesus Walks” video. (Wait a minute, do I hear inspiration?? Damn Kanye!) Soderbergh also uses the hand-held camera style and it’s a lot less annoying here than I thought it was originally going to be in the first place and it adds so much to the stories by giving it this documentary feel. I know it sounds crazy that I’m typing a whole paragraph dedicated to the camera-work in a Soderbergh flick but it can go a long way if you use it correctly.
There’s a time and place for humor and this wasn’t one of them.
Last but not least, another designs created exclusively for John Bead is featured on the galllery section...delicate, demure and subtle - usually places that my design work do not vist at all.
A fat quarter bundle of Stockholm in the pink and red colorway is our giveaway this week.
This is what Johanne wrote me recently,
As absurd as they are savage; science or no science,
File size: 103Mb
In the end, the ultimate objective is to get to universal health care, not any particular legislative outcome. Hence, despite whatever initial feelings of frustration we might feel in the moment, we have to keep our eye not just on the present but ten or twenty years from now.
Three Heads
What I’m getting at is that I like to look up the shows that I listen to and read the reviews, but sometimes you see things like this:
As has been done with some other public assemblies in the past, the Malaysian Bar deployed lawyers and pupils-in-chambers to act as monitors during the rally, numbering approximately 80. Our monitoring teams reported witnessing the use of an array of heavy-handed tactics by the police, including the indiscriminate discharging of multiple rounds of tear gas without any obvious provocation, and arbitrary use of water cannons.
On Tuesday, officials at the Horace Mann School in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, directed calls from Yahoo! Shine to the Cherry Hill School District’s offices; a call to a spokesperson there was not immediately returned. Cherry Hill Public School District spokesperson Susan Bastnagel told the Collingswood Patch on Tuesday only that the incident is “an internal personnel matter that the district took seriously and handled appropriately.”
The store’s no-messing strap line, ‘It’s all about the bread’ will not disappoint carb fans with a passion for the doughy-stuff.
Your job is to accept the lesson, love the person,
I do sincerely apologize that your server on Saturday did not communicate clearly with you how the Eat The Whole Menu should have been applied to your party. That mistake ruined what should have been a fun and enjoyable evening for you. I appreciate your feedback on this and it will be used constuctively. I assure you that I will address how this particular issue gets handled in the future so that our efforts to accomodate our guest will end up pleasing them. I know that we probably won't be seeing you again at The Bent Brick but your feedback will be used to improve our service in the future. I hope that you will put this response, unedited, on your blog. I will put this exchange on the Bent Brick blog so that our followers can see how we are trying to improve their experience night in and night out.
NONPROFITS/BUDGETS | Prince George’s County is preparing its nonprofits for fewer government funding opportunities. County Executive Rushern Baker has proposed reducing nonprofit funding by $3 million in 2013 – down from $8.2 million this year. (Examiner, 5/1)
Flipkart, India’s biggest online bookseller was founded by two former Amazon employees in 2007. The website, which has expanded into mobile phones, appliances, music and movies, sells 10 products a minute and targets $1 billion in revenue by 2015.
6. Special Days – How are you sleeping? It is National Bed Month and you can find out more on good sleep by clicking here http://www.sleepcouncil.org.uk/about/
Fishing for Numbers - The kids use "fishing poles" to fish for numbers. For each catch, they record the number on a recording sheet and draw a picture to show that many. Later in the year, they will catch two fish and add the numbers together. Lakeshore has a cute Number Fishing Set.
What do I know of this country, other than its’ food and people and shopping malls and clubbing hideouts? Sometimes I think that’s all I do here.
Happy Field Tripping!
Clementina has a BA in History of Art, a National Diploma (Ceramics) and a National Higher Diploma (Ceramics). She has taken part in Ceramic Art London for the past seven years and has participated in CSA Regional and National exhibitions receiving an award at the 2010 National Exhibition. In 2011 her work was selected at the Gyeonggi Biennale in Korea.
This giveaway is open to all registered readers. Kerry and Tasche are both brand new and unused, from my collection, so this giveaway is at my expense.
Most of the main characters and I were hiding on the top floor of the abandoned apartment, the main character‘s friend & fellow police officer seemed to have moved on his own to another room, but he would come & give scouting reports & extra supplies; and he came to do that at this point in the dream.
These seven planes correspond to the seven states of consciousness in man. It remains with him to attune the three higher states in himself to the three higher planes in Kosmos. But before he can attempt to attune, he must awaken the three “seats” to life and activity. And how many are capable of bringing themselves to even a superficial comprehension of Atma-Vidya (Spirit-Knowledge), or what is called by the Sufis, Rohanee! In Section the VIIth of this Book, in Sub-section 3,
Invention and Patent of Profile-Taking Machine
One of my biggest loves in life is spending money. Go ahead, ask Mr. T. He’ll be the first to tell you that one of my favorite phrases is…”I want.” To be completely honest, I’m not even embarrassed by this fact. I’m a little bit proud of it because I liken wanting to deserving…as in, “I want” means “I deserve”. Look, I have a lot of self confidence. And conceit. Deal.
Carrie: “Um, I don’t do that.”
Gives me d.t.’s and da willies.
(CNS): Despite speculation that the Beijing based firm which has signed an MOU with government to build the George Town Cruise port would also be taking on the redevelopment of the airport, the premier announced that the airports authority has signed an MOU with the Canadian government. McKeeva Bush said, Wednesday, that the Canadian Commercial Corporation, which is Canada’s official international contracting agency, will find Canadian companies with the capabilities to take on the project but that Caymanian companies and labour would still be used. Asked by the opposition when the MOU would be a public document, the premier said he didn’t know as he hadn’t signed it.
- Attend the University of Brighton placements fair
When I was in Texas, my Mama had to figure out a way for me to eat steak, seeing as how it is sacrilegious to visit Cowtown, USA and not have one.
Wow, you're really going to shut up right after I tell you too? That's never happened before.
The theatre show - Mr Stink, by David Walliams - came with a scratch and sniff booklet. The action centered around a really smelly tramp, so nearly every scent inside was utterly hideous. The children waved them in delight.
Ha ha, the menu only calls it "Dark Beer"
I am hoping that if we stock up on these miles we’ll be able to use them for plane tickets somewhere late in our trip or to splurge on a night or two in a great hotel when we really need it. So we’ll keep on using the card whenever we can.
Hockey is king at this school. The men’s team offers students the opportunity to root for a team that has the chance to compete for a national championship every year, against legitimate rivals in a prestigious division. This opposed to a basketball team competing in a division with almost no name recognition, playing teams from schools that fans aren’t usually familiar with.
I look at her and see that she was the exterior wall of the fortress that protected me from a lifetime of pain. She was the buffer. She’s the one who stepped in and took all of the hits, and absorbed all of the shocks and insults. She’s the one who stepped onto the plane and flew across the country to take care of whichever loved one was dying. She always found a way even when a way seemed impossible. She not only took care of me, but the entire world she knew. She’d gotten oh so very tired. It’s an exhaustion that I still feel. It was a terribly thankless job. She carried all of the pain and kept me smiling a fake smile, and moving through life in the best, muddled, way that I could.
When all the bravado are made
In the past, I've posted some shirt and onesie designs that I freehand painted myself (some of them in the posts were made by friends and family as shower gifts). I had considered selling some on Etsy, but it is so time consuming and expensive to do it that way (fabric painting by hand is not a quick process and therefore would be difficult to come up with a fair price).
Happy Friday,Stampers!
Hurley kneels down and talks to Libby. "A lot of crazy stuff's been happening. I kinda wish I could talk you about it in person. A lot of people come and talk to me when they've...you know...gone. It'd be nice if you did too."
Guthrie: is it
Luck has never been in her favour
As Beckett gets older, he is seeing and tracking more things. One of my favorite moments every day is when he first wakes up or when I walk into his line of focus and say hello. There is this sudden moment of recognition where I picture him saying, "Oh there you are! You're the lady with the kisses and the milk!" As a parent, there is really no better moment. It's a pleasure to know that not only does he recognize my face, but he is happy to see me. He grins, and he knows that I will take care of his needs.
They can fulfill their dreams together
Indications are that Paul Kruger and Pretorius streets will retain their names. However, according to Ramokgopa, the whole section of Paul Kruger Street between the Pretoria railway station, passing through Church Square to the Pretoria Zoo, would be upgraded to demonstrate how the council intends to adapt, shape and improve the inner city to be more accommodating for non-motorised commuting. - (Source)
I pulled the cover off of my bike and removed the battery tender – I won’t need that for about nine more months. I replaced the black leather saddle and tightened the nuts that hold it down - checked the oil and air, and then pushed her out onto our gravel driveway.
With the warm weather we had last week (I painted my toes & wore sandals for 2 days in a row!), my thoughts have been with spring and greenery. My hubby has started some of my herbs indoors and I bought a basil plant recently too. I am very much looking forward to a tasty palate of fresh greens and meals with light and crisp flavors.
Money Remaining: $509,000
Sunday November 15th 9am to 2pm, including:
Selling broker: Amy Zeeve
But once you’re used to them, the offers are a breeze.
When parents were taught that the little spank
Is it a system seller? No, not even for those of us who have played every one since Metal Gear Solid and for those who know nothing about nothing, they’re just going to turn off the console because they didn’t expect cutscenes that last for half-an-hour. Speaking as a fan, the problem with Metal Gear Solid 4 is how un-metal gear solid it is. You go around the world, visiting multiple locations, while in previous installments you were more or less wandering around one, like Shadow Moses or Tselinoyarsk and their environs. There are only two people you can call on the codec and saving is done in a menu. The missions, and I can’t believe an MGS has missions plural instead of a mission like Operation Snake Eater, are all linear. There is no backtracking. It’s like the second these old series jumped on to the new generation they dropped most of their established conventions, the conventions that made them, to make the jump. Resident Evil suffered from this exact same thing. This linearity hurts all the new features they put in. There is a ton of guns with customizable parts, you can roll onto your back while crawling and your camo, to my disappointment, is automatic. The worst travesty however is the utter removal of an MGS staple: procure on site. There’s a damn store in your pause menu to buy any and all guns and the necessary ammo. And you can take the weapons of dead enemies and use them, after unlocking them of course. But in truth, you don’t need all these new features to beat the game. They’re superfluous. Very, very superfluous. Once I got the M14 I got through the entire game with just it, I didn’t need any other gun nor did I need all those cool attachments. For the boss fights I used the Saiga 12 loaded with the rubber ring ammo to get the facemasks and that gun doesn’t even have customization. I only once rolled onto my back on the last mission and that was by pure accident. The only time I used the oil drum was when I got it and that only amounted in rolling around in a circle before I got bored and shot someone. Unlike in Metal Gear Solid 3, where you needed to keep your stamina up, you needed to dig out the bullets and sew those cuts close; you don’t need all this new shit.
Today I found out the answer to my wonderment: the writing skill, of which none of them have an ounce of. I let them write a memo with a partner in class today. After a full lesson on how to do it, step by step, they had their chance at it. Here are some of the papers I received. I have included all errors.
At the end of day 1 after:
The best way to find out if you qualify for a Home Affordable Refinance Program loan, is to contact a HARP lender. Not every lender is equipped to assist you. Here is a way to check and see if you quality for a HARP loan through a trusted HARP mortgage lender. Simply complete this mini-application online.
He jumped from the house, rounded the corner, and ran to the new car that had arrived. He watched through the window as the man tucked his wallet, watch, cell phone, and keys under the floor mat. He flipped through five $20 bills and stuck them in his jeans pocket. Then he left the car quickly and hustled up the stairs and in the unlocked front door that he locked behind him. Chris was so close to following but stopped. He was more certain than ever that this was horribly wrong, but he also had a certainty nagging him that Ann wanted to do this alone. Needed to do this alone. Chris stood near the front windows with an ear tuned but staying where Ann wouldn’t see him from inside.
Obama also shows his weakness by only killing suspected terrorists and not going after their whole families. “CIA and military strikes this fall killed three U.S. citizens, two of whom were suspected al-Qaida operatives.” While we salute the killing without due process, especially of suspects who are U.S. citizens, once again we see how Obama is weak. A true boss of a crime sydicate would have not only killed the suspected snitches, he would have killed his whole family, down to third cousins. But Obama is too weak to follow through.
And it turns out that my sister is brilliant.
"WHAT?! People actually read what's on my page?"
Give magic to the morn’s conception.
I still ate right low fat, high fiber. I just ate too much. I started not writing down what I ate but rather just kept track of it my head. I also cut back on exercise. It got cold out so I quit walking outside and I never started back with my indoor exercise. All this resulted in weight gain. I knew better but I became OK with it.
How about love?
The aircraft will have a flat floor, large cabin windows, Cessna’s new high reliability Clairity cabin management system and the lowest price tag of any super- midsize jet. A light empty weight should also give it the lowest operating costs in its class.
Hi, this is Katie. I want to say thank you to everybody all over the world that is praying for me. My Mom showed me your comments and I think that is really cool.
The wings are aerodynamically similar to a birds wing. They create lift by passing the air faster over the top surface, creating an area of low pressure above the wings which, like a vacuum cleaner, sucks the wing and rest of the plane higher into the sky. The faster you go, the more lift you create. This is simply done by having that curve you see on the top of the wing. This said, the downside to all this lift is a thing called drag. To explain drag, it’s like sticking your hand out the window of a car and facing it palm forwards. You instantly feel the force pushing the hand back. To make it less resistant, we hold our hands parallel to the direction of the car. Suddenly, no force is felt against our hand – a ‘reduction’ in drag. The wings create the most drag by creating vortices (horizontal mini tornadoes) at the end of the wing, where the two airflows above and below the wing mix.
You can choose from either pork or beef. While beef is tastier, it is a bit expensive than pork. If you are on a tight budget, then pork can work too.
Bottom line. I love these girls and I'm super grateful to be their mom and I hope I can do the job justice so that when they are grown I haven't ruined the awesome human beings that they are right now. Thanks kiddos for such great Mother's Day presents. They are perfect. I love you, you little stinkers!
Unbelievably, Princess Miss M was found as a stray. The same Miss M who has a slew of sweaters because she can't stand the cold, who can't let her dainty feet step in puddles, an who needs to bring out her fuzzy rug and fluffy pillow to lay outdoors. Here she is"Glamping":
These words attempt to describe what might be referred to as an aspect of enlightenment. However, because the term ‘enlightenment’ has become loaded, like various other terms within society, it has come to be perceived by many as something almost unattainable, unless complicated and all-consuming practices become the daily routine.
Based on a True Story & the Best-Selling Book
Where do you think you have made the biggest buying mistake that has created orphans (clothes you do not wear) in your closet? I wanted to know if they felt these mistakes were when they bought the:
Experience and training got me through the 100 with a PR. Now I'm (finally) using my mind and all of my experience for a successful recovery.
Whilst searching for a venue for the night before the wedding we walked past The Tower Of London - I haven't been for a while and I had forgotten how utterly stunning it is. Such a historic building...
If you find it hard to make the hole with the wire, you can use a large sewing needle.
Then God said, “Let us make mankind in our image, in our likeness, so that they may rule over the fish in the sea and the birds in the sky, over the livestock and all the wild animals, and over all the creatures that move along the ground.”
A few seedless Grapes (halved)
Lysius was an unbeliever. That is obvious. He did not have the Holy Spirit. That, too, is obvious. So in verse 11, “the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God.”
now i can't wait to be able to pair fabrics and cut them right away rather than making huge piles
(Fareda enters.)
6. Make a Teddy!
Having won the presidential and parliamentary elections on March 29, Zimbabwe’s MDC should not have to submit to talks about talks on the country’s future.
it is trying to catch a fish
(And back to me again: I don't know what Jim Hightower knows about craft-brewed beer other than drinking it, but I presume the theme of his speech will be to praise the microbrewing Davids vs. the Bud/Coors/Miller Goliaths, as little guys vs. big corporations is the thread that has run through his entire activist career.)
Rhubarb (2 pounds)
One I will mention was the beef and potato, a sort of reinventing of traditional French steak frites. The beef is rare, which I like, but a little fatty, but the potato is shaved into impossible thin wafer “chips” that are more like flakes. It was the most impressive of all the courses and one that really had a point of view and something to say about French food.
I had to come up with a "second choice", but nothing could compare.
The Name Game swap miniquilt that I made for Wendy has arrived in Queensland, so I now show what I made. Wendy’s blog name is Sugar Lane Quilts. I was going to make something sweet, and then I read Wendy’s blog where she talks about how much they love living in Queensland, where they grow sugarcane and have lovely beaches. So I went with that theme. I was super pleased with how this turned out.
Our love oozes from these tubes
4. Down To The Waterline
Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) outlined its financial statement for the year ending 31 March 2012. Reliance Industries recorded a revenue of Rs. 339,792 Crore ($ 66.8 BILLION) for the FY 2011-12. Besides, their consolidated revenue accounts to Rs.19, 724 Crore ($ 3.9 BILLION) for the same period. This year witnessed their highest ever exports of Rs. 208,042 Crore ($ 40.9 BILLION) that forms 14% of India’s exports.
1 1/4 cup whole milk
My favorite part of the article, of course, is this, because it is the most flattering to me. And because I DO love the Dos Equis campaign:
Me: You have that silk sportcoat.
The original recipe called for dried basil, but I opted for fresh. In my opinion, nothing beats fresh basil, especially this time of year. I came across a comment on a forum for dried-to-fresh basil ratios and I think it sumed it up best: “The only useful purpose I can think of for dried basil would be mulch for fresh basil plants.” So. True.
After being treated in the hospital in Kabul, she is now in a shelter in the capital run by Women for Afghan Women (@WAWHumanRights), a nongovernmental organization that supports and provides shelters for abused women in Afghanistan, and she is under the observation of the Ministry of Women’s Affairs.
3. Special deals and contests – Ann Taylor for example is using Foursquare in a recent effort to harness social media platforms. Their campaign specifically allows individuals that are mayors at specific locations in New York City, to receive 25% off of their total purchase. Depending on the successful of their campaign, they may even attempt to expand the approach to all stores nationwide. Not to mention, there are specific social media programs that will allow to trigger messages at specific times. By having the option to schedule a message, businesses can determine when they would like prospective customers to be made aware of certain information. This means that social media in a sense, is more tactical than ever.
At any rate, these involve quite a bit of work but they're delicious... and this year I adapted a different recipe, which turned out OK, although I would've liked a crispier cookie.
My foundation.
The risks of exceeding the official alcohol guidelines are too often greatly exaggerated
I urged her to take immediate action and, if no Exclusion Order was made, to provide me with full details surrounding the reason for the decision.
“Many men say there is one God; the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost are only one God! I say that is a strange God anyhow—three in one and one in
I've also been re-arranging books, since we've had some new shelving and storage cabinetry built. And one thing has led to another so that I'm re-organizing considerably, filling box after box, bag after bag, de-cluttering to release some more living space here. It feels good!
Me *with attitude*: ”Umm, are you just gonna let yourself in?”
Carlos has been wanting to take us ever since the show started touring in the US around 4 years ago after the huge success of the tv show. Bear and I even bought him an official tour t-shirt from the treasure shop because it was the closest we thought we would ever get.
Resting between my breasts
I spoke at a local high school today for their Writer's Week program. All week, students and actual honest-to-goodness real writers share their work and their insight with an audience of students and teachers. And then there was me. I stood up there, palms sweating so much I think they made a puddle, and I talked. I don't even remember all that I said. I guess it went ok. I mean, no one boo'd me or threw rotten produce at me, so that's good, right? My sister videotaped me speaking so that I could see what not to do the next time I speak anywhere, but I didn't have the software to transfer the video to my computer. I'll try to get a video on YouTube soon.
I usually envelope myself in my mania like a comforting blankey. But not this time. My racing thoughts are overwhelming and my low energy level is keeping me from being productive. But I'm so antsy that just laying around is making me feel crazy.
Wow. Merry Christmas!
Hungry yet???
This is what happens to your self preservation when you have something interfering with your normal processes; stress or something from outside like drugs or alcohol. It can be devastating to the normal process of life in the worst cases. In the worst cases, thoughts of suicide can come through and in the very worst case, they can become more than thoughts.
and size 3.5 hook...
On May 7th, I’ll be interviewing Hunter Shea, author of Forest of Shadows and the forthcoming novel, Evil Eternal. Mark your calendars! The questions are fun, and there will be an excerpt from Evil Eternal.
But none so fair as little Alice in all the land they say,
I so love the comments you left on my last post. Today I want to talk about the double standard when it comes to the notion that "sex sells" and why we see so many half-to-mostly naked women in advertisements and selling things in real life and hardly any seductive men.
And doesn’t that guy over in Legal realize that you’re supposed to pay to be in the coffee fund?
So, here’s to moving through the roadblocks and challenges in life. After every hill climb, there is a glorious descent. Let’s hope the ride smooths out for the rest of 2012.
Well, all I can say is that I’m looking forward to reading them; Innocence Lane especially calls out.
Travelling along Quai D'Orsay with the elegant Air France building in the background
“And don’t worry,” Mike continued with a smile. “If you go to Hell I’ll go there with you.”
And I started smiling too.
He was in the Army for 4 years and 22 days. He was overseas for 8 months and 3 days.
Our ultrasound is August 2nd. We're still debating on determining the gender. Originally I wanted to wait, but I want to be as prepared for this baby as I was his/her siblings. We've also had a hard time deciding on names, so maybe knowing the sex will help. David doesn't want to know, so it's a constant debate. :) I'm leaning toward boy, but Brooklynn thinks she's getting a sister (and she was right with Trail)...
Make sure to use cooking spray!
*Lawrenceville-Suwanee Rd., not Peachtree Pkwy.
Bonus entry: You can "Like" my new suspense novel, Caller ID on Amazon.
Paloma Efron– Paloma Custom Cakes - Cake decorating goddess. And damn fine baker, too.
What if footprint condo owner Daniel Goldstein of DDDB had taken a buyout--would other owners have followed suit and construction be in process? What if other owners hadn't sold?
And the pictures?
The arrival of the farmer's market always excites me - perhaps a bit too much. I tend to overbuy. I mean, there are only two of us and yet I bring home bags full of fresh produce. But who can resist fresh produce at its peak? And after all, I'm supporting local farms, right?
It is my turn to speak to the girl. As I confirm my information, I work on an encouraging tone for this girl who has to deal with this salesman and others like him. She works for my insurance company and I like my insurance company. I remember what it’s like to sit on the other side and listen to guys like that one.
I get that not everyone is as skinny but then not everyone has curves to flaunt either."
Your Angel guidance is to examine yourself and your current situations in depth so that you have a crystal clear awareness of the underlying reasons for challenges and repeated scenarios. Understanding your base motivations and thoughts behind the choices you have made help you transform them.
"No." (Giggles more.)
Last night though, was much better. Instead of walking us to a room with a little table and chairs, we were escorted to a sensory room where the floor was covered in pads. With a swing. And trampoline. And tons of therapy balls. In fact, this room was off to the side of a larger room that was stacked (quite literally) with all kinds of sensory and physical therapy activities. The first thing the OT did was put him in a swing, then she started doing those activities I talked about above. The entire evaluation was littered with deep pressure activities to help calm him down and check his physical development as well. And Ayden? Instead of breaking down into a sobbing, screaming, mess by the end because he'd been pushed so much - well, he was running around, laughing, and playing. Did I mention this evaluation took place over Ayden's normal dinner time? And that it's currently Spring Break here so his schedule was already a bit messed up? To put it mildly...Ayden did amazing. Most of that because of the OT performing the evaluation.
I also have to post this picture of one with really big eyes on the right(my first one I made). I am laughing as I type this!!! Lee looked at it and said "What is this? Spiderman's LUNGS!" I about fell on the floor laughing! Lee is so funny! And let's face it they look like lungs!
As a state with abundant
- She talks all the time! She is putting together sentences and saying new words every day. She loves animals and making all the animal sounds.
Who thinks we've had enough healthy stuff around here??
“Now wait a minute!” I can hear some of my readers protesting right about now, “Are you saying it doesn’t matter what we do? That’s scandalous!”
much less anything else.
I also would not have to put up with a certain type of melancholy that was becoming more frequent – separating from people I’ve shared so many happy memories with. The 15th and 30th of each month were the days when inmates are released, and I remember the sadness of the past few… 15 June – 056/05 `Az’, the charismatic 42-year-old prefect from Setapak, KL I took over from. His boisterous laughter was a part of the hostel – often, we would hear it from a distance when returning from the mosque.
The Vampire's Assistant, based on the popular series of books by Darren Shan called The Saga of Darren Shan, is a fantasy-adventure about a teenager who unknowingly breaks a 100-year-old truce between two warring factions of vampires, a peaceful group called the Vampire Clan who don't kill their victims, and a group of stereotypical bloodsucking killers called the Vampaneze. Pulled into a fantastic life of misunderstood sideshow freaks and grotesque creatures of the night, one teen will vanish from the safety of a boring existence and fulfill his destiny in a place drawn from nightmares.
Brenda Gardner, publisher and MD started Piccadilly Press 28 years ago. Brenda’s experience in publishing was through editorial and she worked for Penguins, W H Allen, and Evans before setting up Piccadilly. Piccadilly won the Independent Publisher’s Award in 2009 after being shortlisted three times and publish across a wide range from picture books to young adult.
I do snails. Or at least the kids do, gathering 'families' of 'Garys', making homes for them in the backyard on Thanksgiving. Well, until Caden accidentally stepped on the mama.
Poured into my two Ommegang goblets, Bramble Rye had virtually no head to speak of.
-Relaxed
Gold, eh? Yep. Gold! The film opens with a guy poking around inside a cave located in what I assume is Akasava. Wearing one of them silver fireproof suits and wielding a portable geiger counter, he comes across this weird chunk of rock, one that makes his portable gadget go haywire. As he's removing the shiny stone–which he has since placed in a silver briefcase–from the cave, he's shot by an unknown assailant. Staggering to his car, his chauffeur manages to get the wounded spelunker and the magic stone back to the professor's lab. Since the professor, the esteemed Professor Forrester, doesn't know anything about treating gunshot wounds, he's a mineralogist, not a doctor, he travels to see his doctor friends, Dr. Thorrsen (Horst Tappert) and Dr. Ingrid Thorrsen (Ewa Strömberg), to ask them to help his bleeding assistant.
1. Define Life Vocation
RAPPERS: Avoid having to say: "Know what I'm sayin'" all the time by actually speaking clearly in the first place.
They made their way down a hallway to the break room. It was cheerful and brightly
Icing: Fondant
The U.S. Supreme Court is considering a case brought by a group of Nigerians seeking damages under the statute, claiming Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) helped their government commit torture and murders in the early 1990s. The company argued that corporations can’t be sued under the law. Four federal appeals courts have permitted corporations to be sued under the Alien Tort Statute, the Nigerians argued.
I'll just have to get better at guesstimating where the lens is pointed!!
Two of the star strikers in the Premier League can be classed as Vultures (players who score a high amount of goals when the result already seems decided) and these are Rooney (with 11 goals) and Aguero (with 7). If you take Rooney’s 11 from his total it’s not nearly as impressive.
And of course it was 5:01pm. blue Cross was there, but not the Commonwealth.
First of all, I would like to look at its official Website, http://www.prcouture.com/. When you visit the Website, the first page shows you all about information and news that you can expect and find from ‘PR Couture’. On top of the menu bar, there are ‘About, Read All, Goodies, and Find an Agency’. All menus have sub-menus, and users can be easily aware of what content each sub-menu contains; when users move their mouse on the menu, the details drop down.
Mugison: Absolutely not.
I picked Samantha up during snack time at daycare. They packed up some turkey and apple slices for the road for me.
In 1 quart saucepan over medium high heat, heat lemon juice and 2 tablespoons sugar to boiling. Cook, stirring, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. With pastry rush, brush sugar mixture evenly over top of bread. Serve warm.
The one with the most toys--dies
So those are some of Ryan's favorite things! I hope you've enjoyed them. See the entire series of L'Amour Lists here!
Could another bike be catching up behind me? Did one of the skateboard have an engine?
I don’t make it to the weekday, daytime version of Nashville very often. But, this day turned out decently.
to this whirl,
(Tilda goes home. She enters her one-room flat and hangs up her jacket. On her dining table is a stack of Company Card bills. She sits on her couch and stares at the wall.)
Shocked, saddened, angered....all at once.
Title: lyrics from “Falling in Love Again,” performed by Marlene Dietrich.
168Shades ev'ry flow'r, and darkens ev'ry green,
6eme
Today’s choices shape our tomorrows. What will you choose?
In fact, it will set them up to ram through their entire perverted vision for a homosexual America.
I wanted to send you a quick note to let you know how much I appreciate your blog. It's like reading about me! My husband thinks I am nuts but after reading your blog I am reassured I am not alone in by organizing obsessions. So I relate to your blog and love reading it and I thought you'd like to know that.
Assault by Firearm
TV host: Today, we will talk about a Saudi Islamic scholar, who appeared on TV. This was a very strange event, which I will recap briefly. This was a televised lecture by a Saudi Islamic scholar, in which he described the black-eyed virgins of Paradise in explicit sexual terms. The sheik described the life of comfort that Allah awards Muslim men in Paradise and the 70 black-eyed virgins who would fall all over him. The sheik described the beauty of these virgins and their sexual drive: “One would place her lips on his, another would lay her cheek against his, and a third would place her breasts on his chest.”
The very title suggest an element of grandeur and bombast, which is evident long before the Beach Boy style backing vocals of Tonight’s The Night. The mystical far flung signature lyrics are there ever present, “Take this blood red rose” in Black Skies and even the title track itself is a very ethereal affair. The insistence of the some of the vocal lines is backed up by the music, in particular Tony Clarkin’s guitars, which are smooth and powerful as they provide the meat and bones of Magnum’s sound, as they have done for the past thirty years.
6. Remember that you are under God’s command; and to deny marital love to your wives, is to deny a duty which God has urgently imposed on you. Obedience therefore should command your love.
There is no way to describe her other than that she was very "Boulder." Anyone who lives in the Pacific Northwest probably knows what I'm talking about here. She was... I don't know... new-agy. Nothing she said, in particular, but I got the yoga-Whole-Foods-vegan-align-your-chakras vibe almost immediately (and yes, I realize the irony of that statement).
GARNISH: CAPERS, DILL
So, without further ado, here is a screenshot of part of Seris’s grid.
100% Cotton is my favourite choice and i use it 95% of the time. It is a low loft, it drapes beautifully, soft, cuddly, warm and natural. Cotton batting tends to stick to the backing and top fabrics well so it doesn't shift around as much and easy to make your quilt sandwich. It is available in bleached white, great for your white quilts, natural in colouring or grey for your darker quilts. 95% of the time I use this batting in the natural colour. I love it.
This season I just couldn't resist making Butterbeer and Pumpkin Pasties, I had hoped to get better detailed photos, but the UK weather was as grey and raining as normal, but as anyone knows who collects my miniatures theres so much more detail once you see them in person, I have more photos to take but sadly its not looking much better today on the weather front either, does anyone know what happened to summer? If they do then could they please return it lol!
I already adore June and it's only day 1! Have a great month!
ERIN CASHMAN: I am reading CABINET OF EARTHS right now and I love it!
Yes, I am ready for battle. I shall "be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might."
Saturday morning packing had us headed to Valley Forge, then back to Amish country. The ride from Philly up to Valley Forge is beautiful. It’s hard to imagine what is now a lovely, pristine park as a rough, cold winter for what started out as 12,000 troops and ended up with less than half. It was a hard winter for the soldiers who stayed with Washington, but it must have been at least a somewhat better plight to spend it in log cabins they erected rather than the tents they had used to that point.
It's a series of videos, featuring inspirational clips of people walking around. And close-up shots of kids talking about walking. And catchy songs about how great walking is.
I haven’t been keeping in touch with my friends, and I am really sorry for that. I haven’t been the best type of friend and I really do wish to make up for the lost time, if possible. I mean, I have a plan wherein I could send a gazillion messages to each of them for free (since we have the same network) but I haven’t done anything. I really have to step up and make them feel that I’m not taking them for granted.
Since 2011, in Portugal, a country extremely opened to technology advances, great designers and many free and amazing thinkers, were held more then 20 TEDx events all over the country, where people can actually feel that their ideas and dreams are taken into account. Even I (Liliana Neves) had the pleasure of participating in 2 of these amazing events (TEDx Youth@Braga and TEDxVimaranes) and I’m helping in the organization of TEDxBarcelos (held on April 28, 2012) with the slogan “Different Paths”. The energy felt in these kind of events is indescribable, the life stories are breathtaking, and what i felt the entire time was the passion of those men and women that really love what they do.
Names that simply refer to Bangla or Bengal show a thrust to create a wholly-contained identity, one that is contained within West Bengal’s territorial limits.The name Bangla or Bawngo is not new. However, it is hardly conceivable that a person’s conception of Bangla or Bengal suddenly underwent a radical transformation right after 14th August 1947 in one’s imagination of the place they imagined to be Bangla. The unfortunate illusion that the post-partition generations suffer from has the Bengal of one’s imagination stop at the international border. It is especially acute in West Bengal, which in fact is the smaller of the 2 politico-geographical segments of Bengal. Add to this the primarily Hindu name roll-call of the who’s who of Bengal’s past as taught in West Bengal. What one ends up with is a weird view of Bengal. The very-real presence of East Bengal in Satyendranath Bose’s professorship at Dhaka University, Bankim Chandra Chattyopadhyay’s deputy-collectorship at Jessore, Rabindranath Thakur’s literary productions while being stationed at Shelaidaha in Kushtia, Masterda Shurjo Sen and Pritilata Waddedar’s armed insurrection against the colonial occupation in Chattagram and myriad such events, ideas, conceptions, ownerships, get projected, very-really, imperceptibly but exclusively, onto the physical imaginary of Bengal’s western sliver. It is my suspicion that this psychological phenomenon where trans-frontier locales get uprooted from their real location but do not quite get correspondingly embedded on this side of the frontier leaving places, faces, spaces, events in a strange purgatory of cognitive inaccessibility, is a major sequelae of partition. This possibly has given rise to misshapen, constricted visions of one’s cultural past, severely restricting initiatives of cultural engagement in the present time. Trends that seek to rename West Bengal as simply Bangla or Bengal may only add to this smugness of being complete.
i) I am a guy who is introvert by nature and don't like much to share about myself instead like to listen others.
Customer care letter editor/writer - 110077704
“Why guard a door to a dead end corridor?” he thought.
Our leader Narayan Reddy and seven other friends are still languishing in jail in false charges. PPSS reiterates its demand to release them unconditionally.
Why I included this book: Another Printz honor book that sounded fun to read…it was!
Honestly, I can't imagine life without that awesome kid. He has grown to be the most amazing eight year old boy. He is responsible and respectful, loving and light hearted, he has a heart of gold and is as smart as a whip! I am so proud to be his mama. He's come a long way from that 5 pound baby boy we were terrified to even hold, but he captured my heart in a way I never knew possible. He changed me. He made me a mom. He has taught me so much and I am so excited to continue to grow with him.
“Well, the truth of it is this, dear heart. If you look up, tell me what is the first thing you see?” the man’s daughter looked up into the vault of heaven and all around as far as her head and eyes would allow and shouted: “Stars!”
Date: 2006-07-30, 3:47PM
It seems the main sticking point for the Lib Dems is the extent to which the market will play a role in the provisioning of a free-at-the-point-of-use service.
“With Beijing in chaos like this we’ve got to guard against a second Cultural Revolution. There must be some “Black Hands” behind these students, so we’d better get to the bottom of things”
The “new heavens and new earth” is not of this creation, and so, “not made with hands.”
I have learned that mistakes are meant to be learned from and NOT repeating… so the remaining years that I may be graced with will be full of less regrets as possible….
Corey P.
public buildings and stores,
For me, it's time to renew my love of play and pleasure, knowing Life is not forever, and that this really does apply to me. Voilá - the mid-life crisis! Sometimes, it's OK to live a cliché...take up flamenco dancing, and fall in love with a car.
with women’s human rights groups in Africa
Despite their distaste for the circumstances, they realized they had earned it for Israel’s consistent rebellion against God. They do not try and dodge responsibility or say it is unfair that they should inherit their father’s problems. No, they set about making it right with God. They set out to worship God as God.
The most obvious of these details is Pathologic’s colour palette, a thin wash of lifeless browns and grays. The most subversive of the details is the music, a relentless, natural-industrial track which never stops breathing down your neck and changes from area to area. The most effective of these details is the children. Pathologic’s intro cinematic is three kids holding a mock funeral for a tattered stuffed animal. It’s got nothing to do with anything, but it does kind of set the tone for the whole game. The children of Pathologic are everywhere, and, as I mentioned above, they’re largely abandoned.
At age eleven Taylor Markham was abandoned by her mother. At fourteen, she ran away from boarding school, only to be tracked down and brought back by a mysterious stranger. Now seventeen, Taylor's the reluctant leader of her schools underground community, whose annual territory war with the Townies and visiting Cadets has just begun. This year, though, the Cadets are lead by Jonah Griggs, and Taylor can't avoid his intense gaze for long. To make matters worse, Hannah, the one adult Taylor trusts, has disappeared. But if Taylor can piece together the clues Hannah left behind, the truth she uncovers might not just settle her past, but also change her future.
In the 1980s and ’90s, many princelings went abroad for postgraduate studies, then often joined Chinese state companies, government bodies or foreign investment banks. But they mostly maintained a very low profile.
covered in dust
3) Take your time, and let your paint dry before you start painting the next section. Nothing more frustrating than smearing your paint because you needed to brace your hand against the letter while painting. Plus, it will give you a break if you need to stand, or if you’re starting to hurt because you’ve been hunched over your letters.
‘Sure’.
I’m also considering organizing a weekend-long online read-in that would be open to anyone who’s interested, but that’s still swimming around in the ether that is my brain. Would anyone be interested in participating in something like that?
Don’t be naïve, darling.
Any guesses? Guess you will have to keep checking in to find out if you are right!!
the 8:29
Halifax’s Library and Information Science Holiday Social is back – Join your friends and colleagues for an evening of great food, door prizes, fun, and holiday cheer at our annual Holly Jolly!
For those who have never experienced it, manual labor brings with it lots of aches and pains but transforms the world around you into something more real. Food tastes better, the air feels fresher (even when it rained and you had to be out in it), and you never take your work home with you.
I am extremely excited to say that since school has started we eat breakfast together as a family. I am very proud of myself for this as I am not a morning person. This means that we eat 2 meals together everyday. (it also means that I am always cooking). It is a lot of work but it makes me so happy!
2. Next, cut the roll to the desired width that you would like your cuff to be.
May 15 – Genealogy on the Internet (conducted by Beverly Sullivan)
Trace your child's foot print onto black paper (for the body). I just used Nathan's foot for both boys.
When they reached the point they could no longer follow, and Papa courageously and graciously went on on his own, Nanny and the rest of the family watched him go, their tears and each other being the only things to sustain them. When they could no longer see him on the horizon, they just stood there, staring blankly, not quite sure what to do. When they looked around and saw each other, they realized how tightly they were gripping onto each other’s hands. Then they realized they didn’t know where to go. They were lost. Without papa there, they weren’t sure where the marsh was, how far their trip would be, or even if it was worth going back. They wanted to run as fast as they could to get back, where they felt warm, where they felt loved, where they felt whole. But buckets of tears are heavy, and a dark path is hard to navigate.
“In talking to them and trying to understand that, we’ve come to just realize that they expect to lose their children,” said Clermont.
Related articles:
10. Tina Charles – Connecticut Sun*
The rising cost of food, an increased awareness of what is going into our food and of our carbon footprint (food miles) and an active encouragement from celebrity chefs are all factors behind the growing trend of ‘grow your own’.
1. This giveaway is for our Followers. If you haven't already, click the Fans of Wild About Nature Follow button. Leave a comment letting us know that you are a Follower.
By María Camp
“Here’s an example of prejudice,” he said, gesturing at Leonetti. “Two lawyers against one. Exhibit A.”
So please let me know your HELPFUL HINTS and Suggestions for how to make this transition easier
They say I should just leave it to be, I’m not too sure myself
I have been so delinquent blogging lately! I believe it is mostly due to the holidays and things being very busy! Here is a photo from today of our little Eloise. She is a bundle of joy and Charlotte is really stepping into her role as a big sister nicely.
Gazing at your little neighbour,
A piece, a handful of something eatable. Old and young, jobless and pensioners, Greeks and immigrants. People who cannot even afford to buy a loaf of bread for 0.80 euro. Scenes of a society sinking rash in desperate poverty. Scenes that take places in more and more suburbs of the Greek capital.
So what happened to Frankie Zak? Well, his contract was sold to the Yankees and he played for the famous Newark Bears, the same team my grandfather and his gang would try to bust into for free years before. He later played in the Pacific Coast League with Portland and San Diego before retiring in 1949, ending a 9 year odyssey in professional baseball. Wait, what about his friend he went to visit in Tarboro back in 1941? Well, Eddie Sudol never made the majors as a player, but he did make it as a National League umpire, working the World Series in 1965, 1971 and 1977 and it was Eddie Sudol who was behind the plate when Henry Aaron hit his 715th career home run.
This is one of the (many) reasons why I say that, when setting out to get published, one should prepare oneself for a marathon, not a sprint. Quite often, what makes the difference between authors who get published and those who don’t is simply the number of years they were willing to hang in there. Perseverance is everything.
"As with the LDS church, the book centers on the Golden Plates that church founder Joseph Smith said the angel Moroni gave him in 1830,"
The other thing in Mr Mahfoudh’s favour is that Chinese women find big noses sexually attractive. Why they do so is a mystery. I suspect they are subconsciously reminded of dragons, which are viewed as prodigiously sexy beasts in China. If a man has an appendage that women like, he may as well use it to his advantage.
Bud Selig's stupidity in his insistance on making the leagues one and the same. Mixing teams, interleague play, eliminating seperate umpiring crews, eliminating league presidents, but still insisting on using the DH. That should've been the first thing to go.
These arrows were not comically oversized, but they hurt. A lot. After taking some screen shots, I noticed I had less than two bubbles of health left. I quickly moved back into the doorway and under cover.
Reno's Southern Pacific Freight House. The trench with the tracks is visible to the left of the Freight House. The Freight House district is a redevelopment project that includes the ballpark of Reno's AAA Pacific Coast League team, the Aces.
Olivetti Valentine S - for $10, you wouldn't turn it down either! Has some work to be done before it types again, but we are looking forward to giving it our best shot. Fortunately, we have a working one to use as a reference. This Valentine is in surprisingly good cosmetic condition, considering - yes, there is a lot of grime that will need to be cleaned off, but it seems to be all surface dirt and the type slugs are spotless. Will keep you all posted on the progress, of course.
This year I've written a book about jealousy. It's a kind of modern Othello(!!!). A love triangle in which jealousy causes a tragic act. When I was writing it I called it INVISIBLE ME. Then I started thinking about a teen picking up this book with this enigmatic title. The meaning of the title would certainly be clear once the reader had read the book but I had to get them to BUY the book first. So the title had to be more eye catching and say what the book was essentially about. It had to be like a tin of beans. I came up with JEALOUS and my editor suggested JUST JEALOUS which I think is spot on.
I should be looking for work and housing instead of writing. I should be trying to work out instead of writing. I should be eating instead of writing. I should be doing anything instead of writing.
For those keeping track of such things, Moneygall sits astride the border between Tipperary and Offally counties, between Dublin and Limerick.
My inspiration for this card was MME's Blog Challenge 32: Card Sketch. The theme for the challenge was "you". When I went to sew the pocket yesterday, my sewing machine was all messed up so I spent a good part of last night trying to self-diagnose the problem (to no avail) and then ended up at the craft store this morning to have a repair guy look at it. Turns out a little spring was just out of place and everything was fine. Whew! I even bought new thread so the pocket looked more authentic. If I can figure it out, I will create a file with the pocket pattern and make it available for everyone.
Gearhouse Your Vision = Our Focus
23. Caffeine has horrible long-term effects on the adrenal glands, affecting every one of the 150 hormones produced and metabolized by these glands.
Harmony is produced by its Principle, is controlled by it and abides with it. Divine Principle is the Life of man. Man’s happiness is not, therefore, at the disposal of physical sense. Truth is not contaminated by error. Harmony in man is as beautiful as in music, and discord is unnatural, unreal.
I have to say: First, I thought even the full quotation not a good choice: It is not among King’s greatest remarks (others of which likewise are not absolutely original). Above all, though, unlike many others, it does not stand well on its own and really loses a great deal without the context of the sermon.
- Rosie
I am so excited about this giveaway from Graca who blogs over at Sew Essentially Sew. Up for grabs is this amazing vintage vogue dress and coat pattern (for sizes 8-14). This giveaway is open to everyone and Graca will ship anywhere! You can enter the giveaway (which is open until Friday) here... I've been lucky to win a couple of giveaways from Graca myself! If you haven't check out her blog--definitely do so! I just love it! As she puts it...
How To Plan A Colorful Flower Garden
Tag eleven people and link them to your post.
So everyone was pleased!
Maybe the town ends.
It's pretty easy for me to relate to that line. Is it the fact that I was raised in a pastor's family, being uprooted and transferred every three to five years, allowing me enough time to get fully adjusted to a new home just in time to move again? Is it because I have a traveling spirit and can't stay in one place too long without feeling the need to go somewhere else? Is it because I've spent significant amounts of time in other countries, and would like to consider myself one of those so-called "global citizens"? I guess it's all of the above. Having parents who live in another country (or this fall, when between the four members of our family, we were on three separate continents) definitely helps the feeling of not truly having a home.
There are other ancillary coverages’ available such as Rental Reimbursement, and Towing which can help to defer the cost associated with the same, after a covered loss.
Hello friends and family.....Today my daughter, Kara, is 28 years old, which I totally can not believe. She has been such a blessing to me and I thank God everyday that He allowed me to be her Mom...Happy Birthday Kara Sheilda, I love you with all my heart and am SOOOOO proud of you!!!!!
I still remember the sales clerk's reaction when I told her about the event. She looked at me dreamily and said, "I've always wanted to do a book signing."
She writes of stereotypes about boys and girls and how some mothers long for daughters so they can develop close relationships with them. In some cases (like mine), feminists look forward to raising strong women who have opportunities they or their mothers did not have. As one mom said, "When it came time to have children, what I had in mind were daughters. All of my feminist friends laughed, 'Look at the hand you were dealt.' I had to process that loss. I had daughter envy." Why do women assume that girls will be more emotionally available than boys? We make assumptions that boys will grow apart from their mothers, based on culturally acceptable mother-son norms.
The base was cut from wine coloured card and I used cardstock from the Love Letters set (First Edition Papers) for the outside of the egg. I edged the top layer pieces with Victorian Velvet Distress ink to add some depth.
Kisses
“Nobody trips over mountains. It is the small pebble that causes you to stumble. Pass all the pebbles in your path and you will find you have crossed the mountain.” ~Author Unknown
- 100g plain yogurt (such as greek yogurt)
you.” You started praying more for others than for yourself. Your vision
everyone pulling weight
Imperialist aggression against this defiant revolutionary government continues to this day, manifesting itself in more than 28,000 U.S. troops permanently stationed in South Korea and the overhanging threat of U.S. Navy freighters carrying nuclear missiles in the Korean Peninsula.
Well, wish me luck.
Now they are going to battle it out in the court room with the world watching.
You are led to believe that the phone will save you when you are in trouble. Totally untrue. Suppose you are stuck under a rubble just after an earthquake. Believe me, the phone will be out of the reach. Or even if it is with you, the networks will be down. Why? Simply because of the mobile towers – they would have fallen with the buildings, you silly thing!
In a summer in Palo Alto when Dad was working on a PHD at Stanford in the early 1930’s, we didn’t have a refrigerator in our rental. The ice box had a top compartment where The ice man came each day to put a block of ice inside. Below a couple of small doors opened to contain milk, butter and any other food that could spoil.
The Louisiana Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals created the Paws on Parade public art campaign as a fundraiser for the homeless pet population.
We are still working on finishing a few details in this room, window treatments, pillows and a couple of other things, but you can bet I'll be sharing the full "after" once it is done, so stay tuned!
Oh Christ.
On Saturday we had some lunch, ran some errands for wedding crafting, and did some more cake tasting. I'm wondering how long we can really string that one out because getting free cupcakes makes my life very enjoyable. But we definitely needed some non-wedding, non-school, non-family/friends time. Even though I hacked up a lung throughout most of it.
How cool is that? You can tell it's gonna be scary, right? It's got demons and possessions and exorcisms and a whole lot of awesomeness! So Gretchen sent out a bunch of tattoos to help launch her book and Oldest was really excited and invited a bunch of friends over for a Possess tattoo party.
So we are making some changes around here. Not only are we changing our mindset, but we are also letting ourselves be a little less frugal in exchange for better food. Sure it costs more and right now we could use every penny we have, but we think this is important. To compensate our portion sizes are a little smaller, and probably more appropriate, and we aren't eating meat as the centerpiece of our meal each night. And we are taking this just one step at a time. Last week we bought our first dozen of local, cage-free eggs and most of our vegetables at the co-op. Maybe next week I'll buy our milk there too.
Non-judgmental- I do my best not to pass judgement on anyone. I am pretty laid back and easy going. Yes, I get mad at people who go through the drive-thru regularly, but I mostly just am upset because I want to help them and I am not quite sure how at this point.
(The particular history of the use of eminent domain in Georgia for economic development, or “redevelopment,” starts in a Georgia Supreme Court decision from the early 1950s which barred the use of condemnation to take slum property for the construction of public housing. Georgia’s Constitution was amended by the legislature and voters in the next general election to allow the use of eminent domain for abatement of “blight,” a term used to describe substandard housing that would be the subject for “slum clearance.” This was a key legal innovation that cleared the way for “Urban Renewal” projects that were presented as “progressive reforms,” but which were later jocularly, but accurately, called “Negro Removal” projects.)
I have to declare an interest here: Cowboy Jess is dedicated to my son Sam, and Geraldine McCaughrean is one of my all-time favourite authors (I doubt that I would have ever got around to writing my own novels at all if I hadn't read Fire's Astonishment and Vainglory).
So tonight I sit here thinking about the words set before me. I wonder who I am and what I will continue to be throughout the rest of my life. I wonder if I can touch one person or many people? I wonder if I will make a name for myself and not just four peoples Mommy and some strange, sarcastic guys wife. What I do know is that I am me, and I do what's best for my family and what makes me happy. I will wonder about all the unknowns but not worry. Wondering is good but knowing what's right here in front of me is better. Blessings to all of you that you do not define yourself based on your things, your car, your house, your family or lack of any of these. You make you and with God's help and giving him the keys, your path will be written.
136 ***2. “The Babylonian Captivity of the Chicago Public School System.” Chicago Principals Reporter, Spring 1975, pp. 7-17. (Source: Item D-III/7/1974, below. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 454-68 (1992).)
Christopher Seton Cramer, 34, Manahawkin, N.J.
He said the government had no right to take away land that they had been toiling on for generations.
In the meantime, I'll leave you with some giant art goodness and also REMIND you to
Clearly the time has come for a Vasquez retrospective. Unfortunately, if he’s as difficult to deal with as some people say, then the only person able to release such a compilation might be Vasquez himself.
Mastery was far less important, because at this point in raiding, hardly ever did anyone in our raids drop low enough for me to gain useful benefit from our Resto Shaman Mastery – Deep Healing.
“You’ll see,” I teased.
certainly in the motivating sentiment behind all affirmative action laws
I got very lucky in the Dad department (kind, generous, genius, very family oriented), and so did James. So how did my husband want to spend his day? In a typical WonderDad way.... doing things for his family.
All buildings and equipment used by the business to demonstrate that they meet the above criteria. As well as that, buildings need to provide living spaces that enhance resident health by eliminating toxic materials and increasing the quality of air, through proper ventilation. With new buildings, the materials used should meet the latest sustainable environmental building standards – see for example: http://www.breeam.org/
Food wise its been hit and miss. I need to write the food down. It keeps me on track and focused as does writing blog posts. I accept that realistically no one is going to write down what they eat on a day to day basis but for the purposes of losing weight its essential. A pain but an essential pain. When I write my food diary properly I lose weight in that week. I feel I've wasted a week, no, I have wasted a week. I doubt I'll lose on Monday.
One thing my summary doesn't capture is how freaking funny this book is. I could name a dozen scenes that had me laughing out loud, and the loose, anything-can-happen structure of the book reminds me of my favorite seventies movies. And if you have lived in Texas for anytime at all, McMurtry's descriptions are going to bowl you over. From drunken, academic Austin to swampy Houston to the dry expanses of West Texas and the contradictions of the Valley, McMurtry knows Texas.
Group visits are by reservation only and must be arranged in advance.
3. Clouds
At about the point, though, when we start to see Celine and Julie reacting to the events they individually experience at that mysterious house—as if they were audience members reacting to a movie they're watching—suddenly the movie started to snap into focus for me in ways that I began to find satisfying. And by the time Rivette gets to his amazing grand finale—Celine and Julie's attempt to rescue the girl from imminent doom in that house, an act that suggests two audience members entering into the entrancing fictional world that they've been wrapped up in for days—I had long given over to the film's sense of what-the-hell invention.
I carry my list, written in a spiral bound notebook, around with me in my rather large handbag. It's written in my swirly, slightly messy script and I can refer to it whenever I need reminding of what is important to the four people that live in our little house. I realize that I can't completely eliminate the stressors or the "have-tos" of the season, but I can check my list when I'm feeling overwhelmed, harried, or irritated. I can choose to come back to those experiences that remind me of the spirit of Christmas and why I do love it so.
You’ll need to know some of my beliefs before you read on, or this will sound (understandably) nuts.
The team that competed as Lotus Racing in 2010 will be renamed Team Lotus after buying the historic rights to the name under which Lotus raced from the 1960s until ... Read more>>
“We know that anyone born of God does not continue to sin; the one who was born of God keeps him safe, and the evil one cannot harm him.We know that we are children of God, and that the whole world is under the control of the evil one.We know also that the Son of God has come and has given us understanding, so that we may know him who is true. And we are in him who is true—even in his Son Jesus Christ. He is the true God and eternal life. Dear children, keep yourselves from idols.” - 1 John 5:19-21
Many in a major monetary way,
I had something in my head, in my bowels, somewhere, where-ever gut feelings and brilliant ideas reside. It was about my voice, my literary voice. E@L's voice, the voice I want to have when I write being me trying to write like I'm writing like E@L - yes, me too, fuck it, I get so confused trying to emulate myself that it all comes out like the shit you have after a night on the piss and curry.
My parents and my sister, my friends and my love...
here's dock ellis
Here is the complete list of poets featured in the current Poem Gallery:
papers - K & Co
Cosby advised his listeners to talk not only to their children but also to cousins, nieces, nephews and neighbors. “Get into people’s business,” he said. “You’re a taxpayer and you’re tired of picking up the tab for someone’s sexual moments.”
you wailed. When you say such things
The very talented Carol Monson is our guest designer this month and this page was inspired by her beautiful clean and simple, whimsical style. She adds great details to her work!
The safehouses were dramatically scaled back in 1962, following a report by CIA Inspector General John Earman that strongly recommended closing the facility. The San Francisco safehouses were closed in 1965, and the New York City safehouse soon followed in 1966. (Link)
be a Mystery Reader
All vehicle travelers must plan for an emergency, whether it be a break down or a flat tire. I like to carry a 12 pack of water for other emergency purposes, but having water handy can also assist with vehicle overheating.
I’ll work on a better name for it…
Frederick concluded by describing writing as an extreme sport. We need to sit in our chairs and write. We must silence our inner critic and recognize that even the most acclaimed authors had their work rejected many times before publication.
We know when the truth
In 1983, he went back to Vietnam circ. 1968 in a Project Backslip op and accidentally ran into himself. He was curious to find out what would happen if he killed himself but he was stopped by a third version of himself from 1987. This lead to a sanction of two boring years on the Moon.
When the bloke in the Sheffield Tap said his piece, he said it with a threatening tone. “We spread the word about places like this” was delivered with the protection racketeer’s implicit threat that ‘the word’ could just as easily be bad as good if his demands weren’t met. The Tap needn’t worry – no word this pathetic little man could spread would have anything like the power of the positive buzz coming from the vast majority of decent, sensible people – CAMRA members and non-members alike – who are raving about the pub.
Pour a cheerful toast and fill it
Maguey Crema de Mezcal, made with St Germain, fresh lemon juice and
and One blessed hopper will win this month’s Bread Basket Bundle!!!
Some GOP Senators are livid that Sarah Palin and her Sancho Panza, Jim DeMint, cost them control of the upper house, while leaders of both are stuck with contradictory promises to cut spending and taxes yet somehow stimulate the economy. Sound bites for disaffected voters, meet reality.
This stout pours absolutely jet black with no light penetration. A small dirty brown head sits on top of the beer. This is a gorgeous looking stout. I served just below cellar temp to give this a chance to warm up a bit. The nose is really nice on this offering with plenty of roasted grain, bitter and rich chocolate notes, coffee, and black licorice. Once the beer warmed past cellar temp though plenty of hot alcohol notes quickly came on and overtook everything smelling like fingernail polish. The flavor profile starts out with plenty of bitter chocolate notes, light espresso, dark fruit, oats, and roasted grain. The alcohol I smelled in the nose comes across in flavor profile in the finish. I do have to say the that chocolate flavor tastes like they used good chocolate, and didn't skimp on that aspect like some other chocolate stouts that I've tasted. The mouthfeel is velvety smooth from the oat addition with very low carbonation. It isn't nearly as viscous as some other stouts, but I like that actually. I do start feeling the warming alcohol though as I get near the bottom of this bomber. The drinkability is quite nice with how easy to drink this was both in the flavor profile and on the mouthfeel.
Brown it will be.
I don’t think theorists or economists are leaders as I have stayed, but I don’t think Dr. Kliman is posing as one either. If he was, then I would have agreed with the polemic by Jehu against him. I do, however, completely agree with this assertion:
undiscovered land, but did not
I sent the vlog to Lori and asked if I might post my reading of Dream Five here and she said yes. First I will post the written version below.
Lunch: leftover homemade potato gnocchi with tomato and onion sauce
Amir and Hassan’s favorite pastime is flying kites. In their town, there is a competition in which all the boys fly kites and try to cut the other kites down. The last one flying wins. As the kites fall, the kite runners retrieve them, and Hassan is the best kite runner there is. The year Amir wins the contest, Hassan runs to catch the last fallen kite and pays dearly for it.
All done (well the coop any way)
~~~~~T~~~~~
Glenn Patrick Gaines was the oldest of two brothers. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts on June 19, 1970. His brother and both parents were killed in a plane crash in 1993, leaving him with no surviving family except for a few distant cousins he had never met. He and Jill met at an art exhibition shortly after that. Jill was the only surviving member of her family too, so they shared an immediate connection - they both understood what it was like to feel completely alone in the world. Their relationship grew and blossomed quickly, and I knew as soon as I met Glenn that he was the one for her. Jill and I often joked about how I knew it before either of them did, but I always said I could see it in their eyes. The way they looked at each other told me everything I needed to know.
I had a terrible job during the summer of 1995. I worked for a factory that made hydraulic cylinders by the thousands and I was assigned the job of making a small part called a “port” for those cylinders. I was at my own station with four different metal working machines, a large fan, and a whole lot of grease and metal shavings. The job was not difficult to perform for either the intellect or the body, but it took a heavy toll on my sanity. Blessed with an active imagination, I found that my working environment constituted a drudgery of experience that was difficult to bear for my mind. As I mechanically worked each port to completion I would disappear into a world entirely different from the one in which my body stood like a meat robot cycling through its operating program. In that world there was sunlight, romance, adventure, freedom, and not a hint of the smell of coolant fluid, or the sound of screaming machines. This pattern sustained me for a while, but soon the lack of stimulation began to stunt my imagination and all I could think about was how miserable I was. Just when things were truly turning ugly though, I was given a stimulus for my mind that helped me make it through the summer. It wasn’t a drug. I hadn’t fallen in love. I had not purchased some wonderful new object to entertain me. What was this wonder that had saved my mind from either sinking into despair or turning into oatmeal? Nothing more, and nothing less, than a good story. The story of William Wallace.
4.Build Up The Vibes
As I talked about above, most well known series start with a successful book one, so I would urge concentrating on producing a brilliant standalone rather than working up a series proposal that may not fit with publisher’s long term plans.
that stand between us
a) sexual harassment
Woman, spread your legs when you're told.
The Cool Sunglasses Lady
United Nations Development Program and UBINIG, Bangladesh
The giant pink hat above was my first challenge....
+ Inside zippered pocket and two outside pockets to fit keys or other small personal items. I love that the inside is zippered so you can keep important objects very safe.
The kids lined up, and it was time to test this thing out. Isaac was the first, and then we went by height. We got about halfway through the line up, and Zane Andrew busted it clean off the rope. It held up to a few dents and cracked in one place, it was actually the rigging that failed first.
Unwind from your journey and explore the area that will be your home for the next few days. Learn about some of the nearby sights at the Adventures by Disney hospitality desk.
AGAPE (noun), AGAPAO (verb): The kind of love that God has, that which we are commanded; that which seeks the greatest good in its object (John 3:16).
Xi Jinping, the man that will likely be China’s prime minister later this year, will visit the US next week on a trip that will take him to California and Iowa, in addition to Washington. The visit will allow China’s future leader to develop …
IARC CLASSIFIES RADIOFREQUENCY ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELDS AS POSSIBLY CARCINOGENIC TO HUMANS
Disposable forks/spoons
A woman cannot directly teach a boy to be a man.
Kresley Cole writes the wonderful Immortal After Dark series, which again is a must read from the beginning. Do not stop until done. You’ll be a lover of Nix before you know it! Kresley’s series is broken into different books detailing the happily ever after for different characters of the series. While continuing a storyline though each book. Let me tell ya once you get hooked on a Valkerie (because we all do), you won’t be able to stop reading. Set in modern times, with an apocalypse threatening, they are a fun read.
You find yourself in a field. The Romans called this place the Elysian Fields. Look about you and all is calm. In the clear distance is an endless chain of snow covered mountains. Close to you is a purple fog. The fog is an expression of the purple violet flame we hear so much about.
Until I caught a glimpse of it again during a slumber party in 7th grade.
Get Involved
65. Knows what the word pseudomonus means. I wish I didn't!!
Some Republican Senators have an even better idea: Abolish the Federal minimum wage altogether. They sponsored a bill that would let states set their own minimum wages below the already inflated Federal minimum wage. This measure would have given states the ability to compete to see who could pay workers less, helping small businesses and attracting new businesses. Some of the poorer states in the South, for example, could set their minimum wages at zero, which would allow family farmers to pay their workers by giving them room and board or scrip instead of cash. They could import workers from places like Africa, where just earning a little food and a roof over their heads would represent a significant improvement in their living standards. The South would finally rise again with this kind of economic stimulus.
The crowd, O the crowd of the bloody forms, the yard outside also
Ever-mysterious dark matter
If something does not do any harm, keep it up. Don´t let anyone tell you otherwise.
New Zealand
It was beautiful in San Diego this weekend. The sun is shining...but it is not HOT! Hope you had great weather wherever you are! Jo Ann
Rob
This post is probably the most academic I’ve ever attempted so apologies in advance — there will be no laughs. (Well, unless you find my attempt at theory-based argument laughable. You might. Again, apologies.)
The blown capacitors are two FZ71 and one FZ73.
Violence and intimidation directed towards non-Muslims living in or around areas dominated by Muslim populations saw a dramatic rise during the Seven Month Calm (as it is now called), from September 23, 2012 to April 23, 2013. At the same time, suspicion, hostility, and violence directed towards Muslims also increased sharply, inducing many of those who lived outside the ghettoes to relocate back in.
Honestly, I love this girl but I totally get that thought (she does not). The drudgery of repetition is like a pillow smashed upon my face. As much as I enjoy filet mignon and chocolate truffles, eventually I would suffer from the desire for peanut butter and jelly.
Lashes: Redgrave – Elemental, Cake – Pillow Lashes
The analysis of this experiment, and some similar ones to confirm the hypothesis, was that it was the memory of the pain and not the total amount of pain which had determined how people felt about the experiences. The memory of the pain had lessened intensity because the water had been warmed slightly and it was the intensity of the pain at the last moments which was remembered.
I LOVE the design concept - the muted side (with a glimmer of the rainbow) compared with the bright coloured side. It has sparked in my head a design idea for a 3 panel quilt, using a similar black/white, coloured design.
The deadline to enter is Thursday, December 23, 2010 at midnight central time.
Tuesday that prohibits state and local governments from contracting with
not why,
J. S. Bach’s two surviving settings of the Passion story are pillars of Western art music. The emotional intensity and directness of Bach’s setting of St. John the Evangelist’s text has been the subject of much musicological discussion in recent years. As she did for her Grammy-nominated recording of Bach’s Orchestral Suites, Monica Huggett will reexamine the original, more intimate scoring of this work, dating from 1724.
If you went with “A,” you’re with me. After Joe Shuster burnt the first draft of Superman, Siegel approached comic strip artist Russell Keaton to illustrate a rewrite. The script resembles what would become Action Comics #1, only instead of Krypton exploding, Earth “was in its last days, dying” as “the last man placed his infant babe within a small time-machine” and launched it to “the primitive year, 1935, A.D.” The child’s “physical structure was millions of years advanced.” The Man of Tomorrow was literally the man of tomorrow.
10/15/2007 66.80
Corbett National Park India is a fabulous wildlife reserve in India. In fact it is one of the biggest tiger reserves in Asia. The giganticness of the park is backed by a wide gamut of flora of fauna. Tourists across the world throng this national park to experience the best proximity to mother nature. And the best thing about Jim Corbett National Park is that everyone can visit here without compromising with budget. There are many tour operators on web and in almost every major city of the country that provide tour packages for Jim Corbett National Park. It’s pertinent to mention here that reviewing all the available tour packages prior to tour is very important. This will help you shape your vacation in the best possible way. By reviewing tour packages you can customize your vacation and avail loads of advantages.
Many people in the city are realizing that incompetence at the top has led to a dysfunctional staff yearning for cohesion. Most civic workers are dedicated people. They want to do a good job. But the leadership has created a maze of duplicity and favouritism that has created a crisis in the staff of 1500.
I want to meet people, make lots of friends, help whoever comes into my life and I want to make this world a better place (roll your eyes if you wish but all this is said with earnest and sincerity).
Hutong - If you want to have a blow out dinner head to in Kowloon, this amazing restaurant is styled like a Chinese village. Make sure you order the lantern chicken for which they are well known. If you're on a budget, head up to Aqua for one drink which is above Hutong, another amazing view of the HK skyline which is indoors if the weather is bad.
These photographs are just a flashback from parts of north India where I grew up. Wonder how many ancient art forms, traditional trades, instruments and local delicacies are slipping away into an unknown abyss never to be found again.
It's high time these brews were on board, and I can't wait to get properly acquainted with every one of them.
Clinical Trial
Police interviewed the shooter and others. No arrests have been made.
"'Ware the Gate!" Dagdan's cheery shout cut Van Raighan off. Pevan spun on the spot, closing the Gateway beneath the Witness as his headlong dive delivered him, upright and almost banging his head on the ceiling, into the jail. His feet landed flat on the paved floor with barely a sound, no sign of the stumble that anyone less experienced would make. Dagdan might be getting on towards forty, but he was barely out of breath. Still smiling, he said, "Wildhawk, Pevan. Get going."
With the start of Volume 7, #1 (Aug/47), MISS AMERICA undergoes a big change as Stan Lee takes over as editor and art director. The magazine, while still sporting photo covers, will gravitate back towards being a comic book. Nearly all of the fashion pages and commercial advertisements are dropped. A second and then a third Patsy Walker story is added and now the text and feature illustrations are being done by Timely staff artists like Syd Shores, Mike Sekowsky, Christopher Rule, Mario Acquaviva, Frank Carin and Lin Streeter. Ruth Atkinson even freelances illustrations to accompany text stories she writes. Most surprising of all, is the possible discovery of pulp and golden-age Timely artist out of the Chesler shop, Newt Alfred, drawing text illustrations in Vol 7, #13 (Aug/48)! Alfred is known as the pulp artist on The Whisperer and his previous Timely appearances are relegated to features in MYSTIC COMICS on features like The 3 X's, The Blue Blaze, Zara of the Jungle and The Invisible Man Known As Dr. Gade in 1940.
You won't be disappointed!
We have to save our country’s future. It’s time for us to come out on the streets and that’s how we can end this trepidation!
To sit outside this sweet little tea shop, pouring a cuppa in the shadow of the abbey.
Come on, son, pull your head
damn hands off our Medicare?
His faith was like a brilliant light shining in a very dark place. We were at Camp Mabry in Austin, Texas. Soldiers, loved ones, human beings had gathered there on the National Day of Prayer.
and it set my little hamster wheel turning in my head.
Choose a suitable lip colour depending on occasion. For casual outing, choose a lighter shade to get a natural look. If attending dinner function, a darker shade or bright red lip colour will stand you out. Use either a lip stick, lip gloss or you may choose to use both. A lip gloss will give a nice and healthy shine to the lip.
Beyond them is the GW store, boxes of Forgeworld stacked behind the till, and behind me in this picture is the famous Bugmans Bar:
02. Taurus/Gemini displays great imagination and tends to be very expressive, both physically and verbally.
basilico
- If I do become a mum, will I be able to hold my baby in my arms? Will I be able to take care of him/her when I am not able to look after myself?
Snore-e-o IV, V, VI, VII…
And yeah, sometimes it’s easy to say, “I know what works for me–eating bacon for every meal works for me.” But when we are honest with ourselves, we know that isn’t true. I can sometimes fool myself for a little while, thinking that some bizarre faddish practice is making me healthier and happier (like the time I was swallowing spoonfuls of canola oil at regular intervals? Or the time I gave up sugar but gladly adopted sugar-free pudding as a staple?), but I know how my body really feels, and I can eventually suss out when I’ve been bullshitting myself into doing something that isn’t right for me. Swallowing oil to curb my hunger via the Shangri-La diet made me feel immensely ill, even though I was indeed less hungry. Sugar free pudding? Let’s not even go there.
Give us some examples of free or justice……….
The formation of TDS Austin creates an unprecedented opportunity for CSD to amplify our existing enterprise services team by hiring individuals with expertise in emergent technologies for web and mobile applications. This new software development group will serve as the technical engine for our enterprise computing environment as well as our sales and marketing team. The creation of a core technology group to empower all CSD business units is part of an overall modernization of the CSD organization.
I should be thrilled. It's a milestone. Less plastic in the dishwasher. Less time spent making sure lids are closed properly. He's growing up.
In Sew-Along news, our Sew-Along Flickr group is growing fast and if you haven't uploaded a photo of your pattern (if you're not sewing Negroni) and/or fabric please do so in the days ahead. It's great fun to see what people are planning and there's quite a bit of commenting going on too. You don't have to join the group to visit it, of course, just to upload photos and/or comment. If you wish to join, email me (peterlappinnyc at gmail dot com).
this series of painting/drawings are a reflection on the disappearing of many plant/insect/animal species due to human activity. the loss of the unseen and unknown species that are part of our earths ecosystem and circle of life are of huge concern to scientists around the world, because if we dont know what we are losing, how can we make it right?
Dangerous Minds continues at De Balie in April with the screening of the latest and most exhaustive documentary dedicated to the discovery and history of LSD.
I hope everyone is having a good day. I had the chance to play a little more with my new machine and so far I have to say I love it! It cuts so nice:)
I’ve soon been out of work for five years with a 6 month employment in 2008 as the only break from poverty and unemployment. Before this unemployment I had my leg problems that lasted more than a year. So life’s been good.
I know, please save your applause until the end!
Yes I know, Stampin' Up! have the MOST perfect stamp set for Christenings - 'My Special Day', which my lovely downline Tracy had offered me the use of - but I'd said no because I was going to use my printer. So in the end.......
When we moved to our apartment, we knew we would have to get a few things for storage. For starters, our kitchen had no pantry. Ikea's Besta cabinet ended up being the perfect size for the space and worked really well with the kitchen cabinets.
# 73 Sue C
I’m not her target demographic. I’ll be thirty-seven in May. I drive a mini-van. When I was her age, Grunge music was all the rage. I have the flannels and long-haired college radio DJ’ing ex-boyfriend to prove it.
To say we huffed and puffed up it is an understatement and in all honesty, two miles in and I wasn’t really sure where we were.To make matters even worse we came to a point where 3 roads meet and we didn’t take the one that would take us down the steep hill we had tried to avoid – oh well. Still it was a lovely route and gave us a few options for some different routes. Every cloud has a silver lining – we were so high up we could see the silver lining!!
You're still bogged down in backstory. How Josh got to Idaho, and Grandpa and Grandma aren't relevant. He's there now. Start where the story starts.
A new creation in Jerusalem, in Babylon
catch you all later :D
5) Relationship Myth #2: If I Have to Tell My Partner My Needs… It is from this vulnerable place that we start to form the distorted thought, “If I have to share my needs, it doesn’t count because he/she should know me well enough to just know them.”
The first complaint was filed on the day the J.C.A.R.R.
“Shake hands with me,” the other boy said. Nikolas grasped his hand. “Hi,” he said, grinning cheekily. “I’m Leonard Astor, but you can call me Lenny.”
I’ll go and tell my mum!”
I think the yarn I use most of - in number of projects certainly - is the sock yarn from Regia. It's a 75% wool/25% nylon mix to make it hardwearing, and it's nice and smooth to work with. But it's not the texture I love it for, it's the colours, especially in the Kaffe Fassett range. They are vivid and rich (mostly) without being too tacky and bright (again, mostly) and they make the funkiest socks which have kept my feet nice and snug during our "coldest winter for numpty nine years" ... I'm also quite keen on Opal sock yarn ... and - well, quite a few others, but for practically and enjoyment at a relatively reasonable price, it's the Regia for me...
When Nicole logged on that night, Andrew was waiting for her.
Oh, yes and we loved the movie and the books. All the classic themes are there in a refreshing original, creative concept. Great job, Kudos Ms. Collins. You’ve been added to my fan girl list of mentors.
“And what am I supposed to do in the meantime?” he asked.
1) Steep tea in water for 5 mins. Remove and discard tea.
A: Yes there is only one.
In the hot seat, Attorney General Eric Holder assigned an inspector general to investigate. President Obama defended Holder twice — on Univision and CNN — stating that neither he nor Holder knew about the operation.
9. All day, music plays in my head. I like to pretend I have various theme songs for each task I’m doing. It keeps me going.
Joey narrates, "I had just about give up all hope, when I saw Albert running toward me through the crowd, his face red with exertion. The band had stopped playing , and the entire village looked on as he came up to me and put his arms around my neck." Realizing he cannot stop his father from seeling Joey, Albert begs Captain Nicholls to let him ride Joey in the war, but the captain refuses. Joey is too young for the war -- to enlist, you have to be seventeen.
Of course Obama then makes it seem that letting people keep their money is stealing from veterans, letting people freeze to death (“Or a family that’s struggling to get by maybe is getting less home heating oil assistance.”), old people’s healthcare…along with unconstitutional payments for student loans. As if taxing is the only option, rather than smart cuts, intelligent regulation, efficiency, reduction of waste, and turning programs over to the states. No, Obama has only a vision of tax or no tax. No other option is available because he isn’t even concerned with justice or fairness.
Maybe just coincidence but each middle eastern protest has taken place in the original Masonic symbol of the square..
“The fact that our programs had gotten it right — and we had the data to prove it — didn’t keep us from destroying that model,” she said.
These count as makeover items because I don't own anything like them (or didn't until I made them, lol). I think the look is really nice and balanced and I'll definitely wear those jeans a TON this fall.
...and I have been very slack in my posting. I haven't quit blogging, I've just been distracted a lot lately.
"Homosexual behavior violates God's intentional design for gender and sexuality."
Wrinkle Free Distress technique.
If you're looking for fun places to go to with your family or for a date but can't think of anything, try visiting The Forks. Even though it's winter, they still have a lot going on and have a lot of great places to eat. Seriously, I barely scratched the surface on all the cool places to find food, plus I didn't even talk about the restaurants inside and surrounding the Forks.
God obviously had a plan “B”
We can easily let a reflection and a routine consume our mind. But the saying, "true beauty is on the inside" is not just a saying, friends, is it something that He tells us in His Word is true.
Yoel is a 9th grade roller - the highest ranking you can achieve - and currently is a Master of Quality Control at the Partagas factory. And of course he definitively knows how to roll good cigars... Some of his goods are shown in the picture below
damned nonsense for that food
If you’re pregnant: How do you handle with morning sickness? What works? What doesn’t work? What is happening to your baby at each stage of development? How do you feel physically each month? What are the health issues you face during your pregnancy? How do you deal with the emotional side of pregnancy? What are you doing to prepare for the arrival of the baby? How are you preparing your other children for the new baby? How is the pregnancy affecting your marriage? How has it changed? Who can you interview for a professional perspective on pregnancy? How can you use your unique insights in a health article, personal experience piece, article or story for children, how-to article, poem, fiction, and/or a meditation/devotional?
lip gloss and magazine's got slipped into purses.....
8. Marriage
I looked up and The Shrink was still in full smirk. The only person more smug than someone who has cracked a tough crossword clue is someone who is trending on Twitter.
"I know," I said.
Fox wasn’t a huge fan of some of the pieces in the Push Play invitational (meaning that many artists donated their work to this exhibit), but I found a lot of it really moving. Of course, with modern art there is a risk that you’ll get that nagging thought of “I know I’m supposed to have feelings about this, but I don’t know what they’re supposed to be.” One of the most confusing, yet morbidly fascinating, pieces was one done by Anne Drew Potter of group of female children in a circle acting like animals, while one lone child turns away and stares into the distance.
We believe that the stock market is an independent structure, operating within government guidelines… But when we open up government’s Institutional Fund and Pension Fund investment portfolios and asset listings, we can easily find that the stock market is owned through stock investment by government funds.
An old, bold man who carries a huge bag. His robe is open and shows his huge belly. Sometimes he holds a Chinese fan (uchiwa) in his hand. Many illustrations show him resting on his huge bag. He is very often represented in Bizen Pottery.
“Ah, look at you, Anton, finding the silver lining.”
Lately, I felt like God had been impressing on me to only write good things—compliments people gave me, ways He used me, blessings in my life. I didn’t know why He wanted me to do this, but I felt compelled to do it.
Other new technology will include BMW's latest design language and aims to improve on all areas, focusing on efficiency, technology and design detailing of the bmw service center california if the bmw service center california at speed. It all helps the bmw service center california and emissions based taxation. The 316d is the bmw service center california and the bmw service center california. The six-speed manual and the bmw service center california a 2.0-litre four-cylinder diesel. The difference is that both are quick, though the bmw service center california to BMW's profitability that's perhaps not a bad case of the bmw service center california in is open to debate but with rapid recharging and no harmful emissions.
Until the car stopped and
This outfit started off with the navy polka dot pencil skirt I bought last week, but although it fits perfectly, it's maybe too good a fit, in that it makes my child-bearing hips look a little too... well, child-bearing!
An overwheling majority of 18 people said they would prefer the bags to be listed by size or style. compared to 9 who prefered the listings as they are by color. thanks to this info I'm going to be changing my shop around very soon, the sections will be handbags by size, shoulder bags, hipbags and cute little pouches.
The Moroks are pretty unimpressive. They come across as incompetent and overly bureaucratic, though I think this makes them a little interesting. Governor Lobo's South African accent is a nice touch.
Can we say that Latin America was given the thumb up or thumb down? I believe that as a Region we are on the list! And unfortunately this is something not to be proud of. But who are not in the list? There is always light at the end of the tunnel and thus, the region can have a look at other counterparts and neighbours such as Panama, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador and Uruguay.
crowd or they will get soggy. Keep them in a single layer. Bake until golden. Flip
Needless to say, I was suffering from raging postnatal depression AND situational depression.
Stamp: "Audrey with a heart" & "AJ with heart banner" from The Stamping Boutique
All of which is to say that even couples with little money have access to resources which can help them through the divorce process. So, though I am certain there are people out there who represent themselves because they don’t want to take advantage of the legal resources available, I find that the overriding motivation is generally some other, psychological or emotional reason.
Don't really no why these to ideas have been rolling around in my head for a couple of days but they have. Between the life support the recovery program provides me while I do the work of , well, stepwork and I have a way to over ride the disease mode I seem to want to live in.
This sex themed conversation continues as Martine, Glenda, Gilda, the reporter, and the Baron sit down to eat pastries in an erotic manner. Now sporting pigtails, Catherine Ringer's raw talent still manages to shine through despite being saddled with hokey dialogue. Taking the reporter out to her dingy-looking trailer, Martine decides to share her Uruguayan sex slave Nana (Gemma Giménez) with the inquisitive reporter. And by "share," I mean allow him to have sexual intercourse with her on a stained mattress. Instructing her to disrobe, Martine then tells Nana to play with herself. After she's finished, Martine asks the reporter, "Would you like it if she pleased you with her mouth?" Do I have to tell you what his answer was? Besides, we all know what this leading to. Nonetheless, it's the occasional shot of Catherine Ringer's pigtail framed face, and, not to mention, the sound of Klaus Schulz's swooshing synths, that make this scene interesting.
The Palestine Film Festival has been running from 20th April and will continue until 3rd May. Middle East LDN were fortunate enough to attend the UK Premiere screening of Gaza Hospital, a film by Italian director Marco Pasquini. Here’s what we thought of it…
While there in contest per se for the photo club at work there is a monthly theme we discuss. The full list of those is lost somewhere (and I’m not logging into my work PC since I am off the next 4 days) I do remember that May’s theme is signs.
It’s hard to believe that it has been that long since I held her in my arms, completely in awe of her tiny-ness. And even more in awe of the fact that I had a daughter! A “psychic” had told her father that I was carrying a boy. I didn’t have a strong feeling one way or another as I had with my son, so when the doctor said, “It’s a girl!” I was glad I was in bed or I would have passed out!
Mid-way through the concert, we got up and deposited appreciative contributions in the thank-you jar on stage.
Each day is gray and dreary,
My only visual was the little red dots on the screen -
Make the jar into frit. Turing a jar into frit is a fancy way of saying I broke the jar into tiny pieces that I could use to fuse into another shape. The technique requires a hammer and something to catch the small pieces. I use a box constructed of wood. After cleaning the glass, I put the glass into a plastic bag to keep the glass clean. I place the glass into the wood box and then hit the glass with an old, heavy sledge hammer until the glass is the size I want.
“Livvy, please. Jackson’s a biologist; I’m a physicist. It was doomed from the start. FOCUS on what’s really important here!”
Melanie hesitated, then blurted out the truth. “It seems sacrilegious. For me, the desert is a mystical place. Somewhere I can be at peace to think things over.”
( ) Keep quiet unless someone else notices.
People are as readable as books. Those you like the look and feel of, are the ones you can think about approaching later.
Of note is that this procedure was to be done with me lying flat on my stomach on an x-ray bed. Jimmy described the procedure to me: the room was a typical x-ray room, the machine that I was under looked like a giant c-clamp wrapped around the table, and attached to all this was a large flat screen monitor. The “c-clamp” was a type of x-ray that shot an image of my lower back that was presented, like a movie, to the PA doing the procedure. The PA watched the screen, seeing the image of my spine, and performed the puncture. After three numbing injections, PA Jason located where he would insert the needle and then proceeded to do so. Which is when I proceeded to pass out.
But then he mentioned the dread words - the new Leeds. Huddersfield's appeal is precisely because it's not Leeds. Smart yellow brick for Huddersfield, dreary red brick for Leeds; countryside in Huddersfield, a few shabby parks in Leeds. While Leeds has a decent selection of boozers, Huddersfield's are better and it also has its own breweries.
Like The Man From Planet X, these guys get my sympathy rather than my outrage. Although they appear to be bent on invading the world and, more importantly, enslaving women, I was never convinced that they were fair dinkum about it. Not with looks like that. Even if they could get a woman into the sack, do you really think she'd juice up for them? -- for such puny, sickly looking jokers with faces full of veins and skin a permanent shade of jaundice? Not likely. If they were rich, maybe... but my sources assure me that these dudes don't have two dimes to rub together.
Oh, maybe because this is just an excuse? It's all just bullshit to hide their bigotry behind?
By God's design, we are a skin kaleidoscope
These difficulties comprise a joint problem, two sides of the same coin, and with a little careful rearrangement, there is considerable potential to resolve both problems simultaneously.
Butte Creek Brewing Co
It is amazing how something that seems so silly can mean such a big step for someone for whom it was impossible to go out without a “mask”.
Actually, maybe they are right. After all, the entire American Public Education System is about as socialistic as you can possibly get.
Follow- @onyimanick,@jailbr3akpod
Abenobashi Magical Shopping Street
Six weeks in, and my Year of Buying Nothing New is going pretty well. Some things, like white paper, have been hard to source. Freegle this week yielded two bird feeders, and chicken wire for the allotment. I’ve been borrowing and lending a lot more things like books, and giving away quite a lot of stuff including my own produce and preserves. I’m buying the seeds we need this year, though – aiming to save a lot more next year. My Saturday Guardian has mainly been sourced from the Ellie where I have started to lurk, beer in
And Eleanore, who feels like she needs to use her baby voice whenever shes talking to her almost-two-year-old little sister, likes to play copycat and join in. Especially when she catches me gushing over how adorable whatever it is, is. And even though it sometimes annoys me that she does things like that for attention, its still pretty adorable to see sisters, side by side, ooh'ing and aaah'ing over the morning flock of hungry boodees, and all things nature like. Fine fine, use your baby voice until your whine turns into a whisper for all I care, just so long as nobody is fighting or crying- be precious all morning.
The Lompoc is dark and grimy, the kind of thing that makes for a really comfortable hangout. Walking in the front door you first encounter a small bar framed by a hops motif in tile. The walls seem encrusted with funny pictures, fliers, old brewery ads, news-clippings, and beer bottles. The look seems classically nostalgic at first, but I think its really just a big sarcastic joke. Ha! To the right is the main seating area, and to the left of the bar are a few tables that are non-smoking before 8 and a hallway that leads past the kitchen to a large patio in back.
I nearly cried when I saw it.
For those of you in the Toronto, Ontario, Canada area, I’ll be teaching a Crafting the Short Story Workshop at the Runnymede Branch of the Toronto Public Library, Tuesday, March 6, 6.30 p.m. It’s free. You just need to sign up at the library. Check this one out at http://www.torontopubliclibrary.ca/programs-and-classes/categories/book-clubs-writers-groups.jsp and click on “Runnymede.”
2-When I mourn, God will comfort me. When I am devastated and grieving deeply over my sin he is there holding me. I don't have to try and hide in shame. (not that I could ever succeed in hiding from him anyways...Psalm 139) I don't have to break communication with him because I feel so bad. He is waiting with open arms. (Luke 15:11-32 the prodigal son)
This week I stumbled upon a news article posted in the WSJ about News Corp launching a Spanish-language network in the US: MundoFox (derived from El Mundo, meaning “the world).
We are still off on vacation in Orlando, Florida and today my twins dance team will perform at the 2012 Dance Worlds Competition at Epcot. Please say a little prayer for their team to do their personal best, that's all we can ask for!!!
The next verse limits the saved ones only to those who believe. “For as by one man’s disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous.” All have the possibility to receive the good news but only those who believe will enjoy the good cheer.
The important part – ALWAYS, always have a screwdriver with you and stay on the side of the door with the screws while installing. You’ll need to test the door here and there, and once and a while there may be a little something off. Sometimes, not often, but sometimes the door can latch just so in the process and may get jammed. You need to be able to take the knob off (with your screwdriver) if the door gets stuck.
If your employer has made advance payments for causally related care, reimbursements can be directed by the WCB. In addition, various payments made under contract or state law in certain circumstances and subject to contract documents may also be reimbursable to the entity making the payment. If a non-employer and non co-employee is negligent and the cause of the injury; then they could be found to be ultimately liable for all compensation costs in the case subject to the amounts contained in the negligent or malpractice action. This is known as a third party case. As such, the negligent party and its insurance provider can be compelled to reimburse the workers’ compensation provider who has already paid or create a credit to the benefit of the compensation provider to future obligations equal to the amounts contained in the third party case subject to case law regarding apportionment issues. Detailed discussion on these issues are contained in the “Kelly” and “Burns” cases and their progeny. ( See standard disclaimer as noted below.)
Here’s a feature article on Widmer Hefeweizen on Beer Advocate. Ouch, “training-wheels beer.” That’s harsh. I like it and I don’t much go in for hefeweizen’s so I guess that’s me riding the trike.
Before I get into writing about me, I want to send out props to my Houston friends who rode in the MS150 – a two day ride from Houston to Austin. That’s not easy, but it’s for a noble cause. Maybe one day ….
“I was very happy with the direction we were taking and we got some good data from the car. The developments we have here are a definite step forward and I think because of our programme there was quite a lot more to come from the package.”
Since my husband and I decided we would switch our corgi, Pocket to a raw diet, we’ve done quite a bit of meat shopping. I’ve never been much of a meat eater, so the whole process is new to me, and much easier when i can find a local farmer who can give me advice and whom i can feel confident buying from. It’s especially nice when i get to see a flock of happy Boer goats watching me drive up the lane. We paid a visit to a local farm last week to pick up some meaty bones for Pocket, and some goat meat for us. Winn’s Livestock and Hatchery just north of Corvallis has affordable meat raised by a 4th generation farmer and his very friendly wife. April chatted back and forth with me via email to decide what was best for us to purchase, and we ended up with a freezer full of bones for Pock, a pound of ground goat meat for us plus a shoulder steak that i’ll cut up into stew meat in the next week or two.
(www.steelguru.com)
MUM
I bid farewell and end this letter now, as the paper is running out and sleep is calling me again.
Alice set off looking around her as she went, but she couldn’t locate the origin of the sound that was beginning to distress her more and more. Throwing back her hood and feeling the muggy, frozen forest air wash over her face, she stopped walking and listened intently. The sound had stopped. Whatever it was appeared to be waiting for her to make her next move.
12. Caffeine disrupts your normal adenosine receptors, which control the brain, kidneys, gastrointestinal system, cardiovascular system and respiratory system. Caffeine triggers the neurons to fire uncontrollably throughout the body.
Of course, I couldn’t deny that a big part of her attitude was me and the fact that I was here.
But then I thought of who we were and what we have become. The article in the Post contains this statement: “The expanded authority will allow the CIA and JSOC to fire on targets based solely on their intelligence ‘signatures’ — patterns of behavior that are detected through signals intercepts, human sources and aerial surveillance, and that indicate the presence of an important operative or a plot against U.S. interests. Until now, the administration had allowed strikes only against known terrorist leaders who appear on secret CIA and JSOC target lists and whose location can be confirmed.”
I have parents tell me that they shut off the T.V. because their children are sitting there staring blankly at it. My children will NOT do that! I know! I try to get them to do it ALL the time. The won't sit still and stare. I need a few minutes to make dinner - "watch a T.V. show" .... three minutes into the show - they are hitting each other with light sabers .... covering a window in stickers ...... carrying down margarine containers full of water from the bathroom ........ "can we have some flour?" .... WHAT ARE THEY DOING?
We are going to make what we need ourselves, the photo shows Nick loading his atv with timber ready to assemble his workstation in situ.
Now he had to save his kids and wife…
Very little to chat about of late, unless you want to hear all about the oil change and new brake pads for Matt's car, weighing the pros and cons of many, many, many backpacks and of course running back and forth to the theater.
The climatic scene of the movie is when Olaf discovers, if he marries the oldest of the three children, being 14-year old Violet, played by Emily Browning (Ned Kelly), he will inherit the parents’ wealth. So, he produces a play in which he will marry Violet, while all those watching think the wedding is not real. See what I mean? Dark, but not very funny.
Despite these many layers in the book, and the episodes of extreme violence suffered by those Salander and Blomkvist care about, the pace in this third novel slows almost to a screeching halt. Previous posts on this trilogy have included my reactions to the amount and nature of violence described and the intriguing layers that make up Salander’s character. Larsson definitely kept this going in the final book of the trilogy. What I didn’t expect was the amount of investigative detective work that would occur in this third book.
Netflix charges $7.99 a month and you can watch it on a whole array of possible devices.
Its tiring to hear that people are still abiding to standard rules set by society. I wish I could sit down with every high school senior that thinks they have to go to college as soon as they graduate, and blindly pick a major they have no desire to pursue. It seems that people are getting too involved in idealistic ways and having a much harder time evaluating and distinguishing what is best for them.
We all said your goodbyes most of the family left the hospital. My step mother did not want to stay but my step sister and niece stayed and kept vigil with me,
I’ve just become absolutely sick and tired of Iran pushing us around, taunting the rest of the world, and threatening Israel and the USA. This has got to stop.
A pattern of curving stripes in several different blues
The line announced a baby’s birth,
Tonight I just feel happy. It is a nice light feeling.
- Aprons
I made three pieces using the beads that Serena sent to me. I made the 1st necklace using one of the bars that Serena made. I drilled some additional holes in the bar in order to hang dangles. Next I added the neckstrap with basic knots using waxed linen (I knew 6 years ago that it would come in handy some day!). I made a wired embellishment on the opposite side using steel wire in 19g and some silver plated wire in 26g.
These users (the tech-savvy, buying kind) are more likely to use Google than Yahoo or MSN).
But I was torn. The mother in me also didn't want to put him in the position of having to decide whether to accept a ride with a stranger. No matter how nice and well-meaning I was. Because the next stranger might not be so nice or well-meaning.
and we’re going to jump off the edge
We spent a couple of hours at the museum, and learned that Hugo was Not Human. I have read Les Miserables (the whole thing, every single word, even the boring-to-me battles) and Hunchback (or, Notre Dame de Paris, to be accurate) and Toilers of the Sea, and already knew that he was a writing genius. But did you know he was well-versed in math and physics…
1. He was at peace with nature,
I digress.
Maria Pallotta-Chiarolli is Senior Lecturer in the School of Health and Social Development at Deakin University, Melbourne. Her primary areas of interest are cultural, gender, sexual and family diversity and their various permutations. Twice winner of a Lambda Literary Award, Maria is also an External Faculty Member of Saybrook University, San Francisco, the Honorary Patron of PFLAG (Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays) Victoria, and Founding Member of AGMC Inc (Australian GLBTIQ Multicultural Council).
Of the 48 backers so far registered, some come from as far as France, Portugal and the United States while, based on their first names, there is approximately a 60/40 female/male split.
I've always been a small venue girl, preferring bars and pubs and outdoor festivals to theatre performances. I've seen Jim Cuddy at the Horse Shoe in Toronto and enjoyed the intimacy of that and the opportunity to chat as well. And oddly enough, seeing Sean all those years ago at all those shows, I never talked to him. Last night it was like seeing an old friend and when I received a tweet from him this morning saying "Carolyn, thanks for rockin' the front row" I smiled, remembering all those long ago front rows I've rocked in the past!
“It could be!” she replied with a big smile, even though she’d only just thought of it.
I update this post periodically. If you have a link that you think should be on the list or an idea to improve this page, let me know.
God truly is everywhere. In church. In you. In me. In my tree. A tulip, a smile. My child. My dog. And nestled in between a cashier and a customer on a conveyor belt. Loaf of bread. Stick of butter. Gallon of God.
Because despite all its faults and foibles, the Squires Wine Bulletin Board was one of the most knowledgeable places to learn about wine on the Internet. If you have any passing interest in the grape or how wines are made, this was the place to visit for information. And I'm not even referring to participation from Parker or other critics, which, frankly was minimal and contentious, to put it mildly. No, the regular people, people like you and me, were what really made that board special. Many had moved on, but their posts and tasting notes remained, like vestiges of an ancient civilization with lessons to teach future generations.
It wasn’t one of these serious film interviews, frankly. And thank God for that as Rik Mayall (he of the above) and Adrian Edmondson indulged in a battle royale of fact and underpants talk on the campaign trail for their new film, Guest House Paradiso.
All in all, very successful, except I have 20 hens and there are approximately ten nests that are used on a rota basis. I don't need to join a gym really. Clearly the girls confer during the night in order to test my resolve. Last week they lay eggs behind the huge mountain of logs in the woodshed and the saying 'I saw something nasty in the woodshed!' has never been truer. I made it to the top of the unsteady pile and spotted 6 eggs but then the pile moved and I ended up on my derriere. Apparently country folk are taught from an early age not to climb bales or wood stacks, this wasn't mentioned in St John's Wood, London.
through whom you have done so much for us.
More information and updates at: www.medwayfilm.org.uk or contact Caroline Reed, 020 7638 0012 or 07971 953137 and don’t forget on Friday 25th November at 7.45pm we have:
It was all a prosecutorial fantasy; none of it was true. Yet Anderson pounded his fists into his hands and wept to the jury as he described Morton’s perversity. Compared with this vivid picture of the crime, Morton’s defense didn’t have a lot to offer.
I've lived too long on my knees.
Eg. Baby O is 6.7 kg, his min daily intake should be 670 ml, max 1005ml, in a 24 hour cycle. As I’m doing a mix of breast milk & formula, I find that the amount Baby O takes will tend towards max, usually exceeding by 200ml per day. However, during the 3rd month as I gave more formula, it was well within the stipulated intake.
1 outweighed
Chiang says he wants to make sure the state won’t have to default because that could further damage the state’s credit rating.
Death is the concept with which we'll never be able to reconcile ourselves. It's a fundamental part of our life, but we make light of it, or ignore it. Sometimes we write about it as if to exorcise the demons that embody its omnipresent nature. A few weeks ago I attended the funeral of a close relative of my wife's. He'd been suffering from a long-term illness and I guess that we all, including his wife, expected his demise at some point soon. Just writing those words makes me want to go back and wipe them out. That's what death does to you; it leads you to a point of denial and self-denial. And yet, how can we deny its starring role in our lives?
Some would concur with Mr Bolger, who made the plea because of the high demand for school places in the borough and the cost of accommodating extra pupils.
Treated 7,006 patients
I did not know that I had family in Malaysia. My uncle had some relatives who moved to Usbekistan long ago, maybe they ended up there. What was the name of my beloved namesake? Maybe i can find out what side of the family he was from.
This time last year, I had just returned from my first trip to Russia where I'd met the baby girl who would, several months later, officially become my daughter.
It reminds me of the first day he started primary school (but so much worse). He was well adjusted, happy, so ready and all smiles. I was all smiles on the outside also but came home and sobbed a million tears. A time of change and also no other littlies at home to focus on as had been my hope and dream.
All in all its good to see new stuff from Allendale, Tom, Rob's beer quest salutes you. And it just goes to show how the current North East brewing scene is evolving in the right direction. New brewers, new pubs (with bigger beer ranges) new beers, new beer styles, craft keg the list goes on. A world apart from back when I was a lad and most Geordies associated local beer with 'The Fed' or 'Newky Broon'. The likes of Durham and newcomers Tynebank are constantly pushing on the extreme ideas front. Wylam and Jarrow have been tuning up the hops lately, and newcomers like Ouseburn Valley and Scottish Borders bring their own brewing styles and beers to the table. Though as much as I big up the new kids on the block, I don't think Geordie beer would be Geordie beer without old timers like Mordue and Big Lamp.
New York State Neurobehavioral Resource Project. Coordinate training, development and direct implementation of intervention plans for persons with traumatic brain injury. Program funded by a grant from the New York State Department of Health. May 1997 to present.
Pack beech leaves into an earthenware or glass jar until it’s about nine-tenths full. Pour the gin over the leaves, making sure they are well covered (they will oxidize and turn brown if exposed). Let steep for 7-10 days so the leaves can release their striking green pigment. Strain the infused June through cheesecloth or a jelly strainer bag.
Yet though thus respected,
If you're looking for something shorter try The Still Point by Amy Sackville. Julia has grown up believing in the stories of her family's long-lost heroic Arctic explorer, Edward Mackley and the devoted life-time wait of his wife. As she sorts through relics in the attic, Julia discovers all is not as she had believed. This story weaves together themes of loss, self-delusion, betrayal and discovery, with alternating threads of heat and cold, idleness and endeavour, creating a wonderful whole.
There was a time when you would grow up, live, marry, age and die in the same general area your father, grand-father and great grandfather lived out their lives before you. You would walk the same streets, drive the same roads, hunt in the same woods, shop in the same stores, etc that your kin who came before you did.
I was watching the interview with the potential sperm donor and he brought some before pictures of her. She doesn’t look anything like she does now.
... popped in on a local Crisis Pregnancy Center's website to get details for this Thursday's fundraiser banquet.
Well that’s enough for now can much more go wrong?
Eights. Smothering.
And I thought I would take the opportunity to have a little moan about pub names. You may have noticed it as a thread in some postings: some pub names are strange and wonderful; some are run-of -the-mill. But it seems little enough to expect the pub website to explain the name. And yet few of them do: too busy describing the food and the quiz nights.
What do you want to know for?
When Samuel L. Jackson’s Nick Fury showed up after the credits of “Iron Man” back in 2008 to recruit Tony Stark for the Avengers Initiative it was clear that “The Avengers” movie was in the works, and fanboys everywhere were instantly excited. A couple of months later Robert Downey Jr. had a similar cameo at the end of “The Incredible Hulk” to ask Bruce Banner/the Hulk to join the team. Then we got “Iron Man 2″ in 2010, followed by “Thor” and “Captain America: The First Avenger” in 2011 and all the pieces were set for “The Avengers” to take place. With some of the tonal differences between the movies I worried at first that they might not all mesh well in one large movie, but the task of bringing “The Avengers” to the screen was given to writer/director Joss Whedon (“Buffy the Vampire Slayer”, “Firefly”) so I knew we were in capable hands.
Dr John Long, from the Natural History Museum of LA County, Los Angeles, who is a fish fossil expert, but did not contribute to the study, says, “This is an amazing discovery which overturns the age old image of coelacanths as slow moving fishes and shows the resilience of the group to come back in true fighting form after surviving the world’s most devastating mass extinction.
playing and falling more in love with ZJ
A phone ringing with your favourite song during a job interview is highly unprofessional and will most certainly be frowned upon by your interviewer. Even if they like the band! Turn your phone off or to silent before the interview begins.
Perhaps other love signifiers you have employed, the aforementioned sex substitutes such as travel and adventure, will lose their appeal as most overindulged activities eventually do. The glory of having a wide range of love signifiers is that as you gradually become bored of them, as you would in your own solitary life, you get to see how you both grow together, dropping some interests and picking up new ones. With a sexual relationship, you don’t have this level of freedom. Once the sex is gone, there’s really nothing to replace it with other than non-gratifying sex.
Then some people are born as stars; the son of a king is called the prince, from day number one the day a prince is born; he is born a star; if it’s a girl we call her a princess.
Accessories: Paper Snips, Dimensionals and Xmas Red Stickles
Whichever way I look at it Mr Therapist is right, I have 10 months of therapy left (where is the time going!) I need in the next 10 months to use the group therapeutically so I will benefit fully and that is not just during the next 10 months but also when this therapy ends. If I want to move on to pastures new and hopefully be a, “Recovered Borderline,” I cannot let myself screw up and more importantly, I cannot let others screw things up for me, I have to be more assertive and put myself first and not the needs of others.
Of course, like all gods and goddesses, the muses are fickle and love to play tricks on us humans. I wouldn’t be surprised if by the time I finished writing my book and got it published, blue would have been done to death. The nine muses will be out there somewhere in the great blue yonder, laughing at me and my gullibility in thinking I was original.
It occurs to me that part of this Y problem is because of my fondness for the word My. But I don't have the energy to switch to the Regal We.
She asked what is being done for SMEs, and about the fact that patent offices are struggling to keep up with demand. She highlighted PPH and PCT as two examples of patent office cooperation to help address the backlog.
Aromatherapy aids several skin conditions. Use Jojoba oil as it is the nearest thing to natural sebum, found naturally in our skin. If you have dry skin, say goodbye to your flaky complexion by using essential aromatherapy oils. Aromatherapy can help you maintain a moist and youthful skin. Other serious skin conditions such as psoriasis and eczema may be aided too.
So there you have it! How we announced the gender to our families. Whew!!! No more baby secrets to keep.
pastry got it’s name because it’s what the Cuban refugees back in the 60’s could
I'm off to bed... I am really going to miss having a long weekend. But on the bright side this is only a 4-day school week and I have my art class to look forward to. :) Have a great week!
Admirers cite different reasons for loving the work. For me, it’s the pure audaciousness of the projects. Big, beautiful, and impossible not to notice. As simple as child’s drawings, yet so complicated, and so amazingly, incredibly original.
I had biked for hours.
I bribed him to write a little blog post for us, just because. So, just grab a beer and pretend like he’s all salty-dogged out, and doing his usual hand-gestures and sound effects. I wish I could have gotten his reaction when he came in from the water, but this is the best I can do for now. Hopefully, next time, I’ll have the video cam on stand-by…
I picked up a Topps Chrome hobby box last night! and was refunded for it a few hours after paying. I had a feeling that was going to happen since the guy was only charging $8 for shipping rather than the expected $15 to $25.
In search as always.
Friend of Kṛṣṇā: This choice of words allows Kuntī to say “Kṛṣṇa” twice and better satisfy her thirst for that sound. Several people are called Kṛṣṇā, especially Arjuna, Draupadī and Kuntī herself. So it is both sonically satisfying and personally relevant.
The simple answer is that I was not motivated. Writing a daily blog takes a lot out of you, and my heart was not in the right place to continue. Instead I decided to write a blog post whenever I felt like it.
According to recent reports, the cargo is a 600,000 barrel cargo of the benchmark QuaIhoe BFO-QUA grade. The trading price was reportedly revealed as just below dated plus $3 a barrel, although this remains to be confirmed.
How do you encourage your kids to do their best without creating an environment of perfectionism?
I was in one of those trendy nature shops when he called. The kind that sells $80.00 organic flip flops and educational children toys. Some kids had just crashed into wind chimes. "Just a wind chime store," I answered him. I was not going to waste these precious few minutes I had with him describing the store filled with something called "17 Countries, 1 Bra." As soon as his boat left, we would be without total contact for a week.
48. Try abseiling (again, what is this?)
SOLD thank you kindly!!
I am currently in Boston MA for a couple of events. It was a long flight--mostly because of a layover gone awry....
It’s official: I’ve been on the road for three weeks. In some ways, it doesn’t seem like it’s been that long.
“Oh, yes, yes we do,” I replied. “I’m no longer hungry.”
Zzip Stop: 217 W Main St, La Farge, WI 54639, 608-625-2203. Offers B20 (good for any diesel engine). Open 24 HRS.
Once it is grinded well add the broken cashews and shape it to small balls. Sounds tricky, but when you shape it, you will find it very easy. Not only during navrathri festival, it can be prepared once a week to have healthy snack.
Notice how each "M" has a different girl? In words or names that have the same letter more than once, you might not want to have the same girl twice...so, just cut out the letter you want and paste it onto a different girl!! Thanks for stopping by...have a fun stamping weekend!!!
It has been almost 12 weeks since my hysterectomy, & I am improving by leaps & bounds post-op. The first 6-8 weeks were very tiring, my stamina was non-existent. Around week 9, I noticed I had a bit more pep in my step - finally, the anemia was going away & my energy level was increasing! Praise God! I still get tired about once a week, & either lay down for a few hours to read, or take a nice long nap. But the rest of the days, I find that I can keep going with only short breaks for a glass of iced tea, or to work on my crocheting for 15 minutes or so. That is such a huge difference compared to the last few years, I cannot even explain how my life has changed from the surgery. I know that it was a drastic step to take, & it was one that I thought about for 3 years before taking it... but I am so grateful that it has improved the quality of my life. I'm still not 100% healed, but even being on the mend is better than before.
The modern philosophical tradition, as Brandom characterises it, tends to explain apparently material inferences in terms of formal inferences, by suggesting that apparently material inferences rely on suppressed premises that, if made explicit, render the relevant inference context-independent. So, to use one of Brandom’s favourite examples, if I make the inference “It is raining, so it is wet outside”, a formalist would regard me as possessing a hidden premise here – “If it is raining, then it is wet outside” – and the inferential chain here runs “If it is raining, then it is wet outside; it is raining; therefore it is wet outside”. The actual inference them becomes a purely formal logical one – If X then Y; X; therefore Y – and the actual content of the inference is simply plugged in to this formal operation. The inference itself is independent of that content.
Marie Otero
Beer & Cheese - $40 per person
Still, by rejecting the permit for the full pipeline—which would run from Canada to the Gulf Coast—and then going full-force in supporting the southern section of the pipeline, Obama is sending out inconsistent messages to the public, Insiders said.
D – ‘Cycling Networks & New Media’
It was my first team meeting for PartyLite last night. They hold a team meeting every month, and there's also a regional meeting of about 40 people every month, too. I took my friend with me, as she's interested in the business as well.
…CNTRL & NRN PLAINS/MID-MO VALLEY…
Tapped his iPhone.
She is married with three children and one adorable grandson.
Key Points:
so that amid shouts of joy and thanksgiving
Members do not need to bring lunch as Clementina’s workshop will be followed by a light finger snack lunch whilst they interact with her. Please note that the meeting will finish earlier than usual.
“Witchdoctor” by Alvin & the Chipmunks – I know that in the classic days of “ohh eee ohh aah aah” AutoTune was only a dream of some future musical techie but speeding up the turntable is lots of fun whether you’re doing it yourself (I loved it when I was a kid!) or hearing it on a cartoon. It was like huffin’ helium without turning your brain cells to mush.
Little Rock Arkansas
96. Fiela se kind - Dalene Matthee
Warner drew disapproving murmurs from the families of the victims when he said he would like to see Smith eligible for parole some day.
some of the drawings that were put up for sale, man was I haggard back then lol.
Obviously, your after-effects may vary, but accept it or not, with the adapted bulk of accomplishment and consistency, a lot of accouchement will acknowledge bigger to, and apprentice added from, that chat than this one:
While Argentina still has few financial ties with the world and very little bank credit, contrary to repeated forecasts of doom from orthodox economists, the economy is roaring ahead. Although hit by post-Lehmanism in 2009, when the economy contracted by 2-2.5%, independent economists believe the economy there grew over 6% in 2010. Tax revenues are rising steeply, and reserves have climbed to $50 billion, thanks to a healthy trade surplus….despite the steady flight of capital from Argentina. Since the 2002 default, Argentine GDP has grown by 79.5%
3. "Pay What You Want"
You may be one of the millions of people who are spiritually growing faster than your body can tolerate. What you are experiencing is a normal response known as ascension symptoms. Learn how to manage these symptoms and anchor your light body while you help the Earth and others ascend.
I wanted to share another of the cards I made for the February Artistic Outpost release, this one featuring the image of Amelia Earhart. A rugged individualist, yes, but I wanted to keep the card more on the soft and feminine side, honoring her as a female aviation pioneer. I started by stamping various images from the set in versamark onto vanilla CS and then clear embossed it. From there, I sponged it using Broken China and Creamy Caramel. I created a white rosette with a touch of Creamy Carmel sponging. The image was stamped with Ranger Jet Black Archival ink and the rest of the stamping was done with Broken China DI, sponged over with Creamy Caramel and a hit of Vintage Photo DI. I cut the AVIATION seal out of the post mark stamp from this set. The words 'Dream', 'Explore' and 'Discover' are from the Huck Finn set. I gave Amelia a little bling with the matching rhinestones and silver glass glitter on the clothes pin. The propeller was silver embossed on black CS and the sentiment banner was cut with the Tattered Banners die. For dimension and texture, I added a piece of the white corrugated cardboard I sell in my Zibbet boutique. And don't forget, there is a 10% discount coupon for March for you to try out my new Zibbet shop. Just enter MARCH10 upon checkout.
It was in that moment that Jonathan decided to open up and tell his story. "My birth family visited me while I was in the orphanage. I have a photo we took as a family a week before you came to adopt me." Jonathan retrieved the secret photo and showed it to Sue. She observed how fit and happy the family looked, not at all like the "old and ailing" grandparents she had read about in Jonathan's pre-adoption descriptions. Jonathan explained that his birth family was against the idea of Jonathan going to the U.S., out of fear they would never see him again. Jonathan, however, was excited. This was his chance to become rich and famous.
We met some ... interesting... Italians, then went out with a new friend. It was a crazy night that produced many funny stories, that aren't necessarily blog appropriate ;)
"Bar Band grade. Not suckful. Would even tip."
Identification Long wings; relatively short tail; straight, greatly indicated mostly blue-gray expenses with a blackish culmen; blue-gray feet. Adult male: red, with dark-colored cover and rear again. Wings dark-colored with red neck, bright lower side bar, sharp bright edges to trip down. Longest tail dark-colored with black-based red external rectrices. Female: diverse. Some like using its, but usually absence solid dark-colored head and have greenish red tail. Standard women red below, with darkish red experience and rear again, identified or blotched dark on rear again and title. Wings blackish with 2 bright side cafes (upper 1 wider), bright edges to trip down. Premature male: diverse. Like women, but no dark-colored on experience, more substantially red below, expenses often with pinkish or red develop. Juvenile: duller than immature, olive rear again lacking streaking, and unexciting, small buffy side cafes. Lilac develop to expenses obvious.
There was Shirley, and Cecil, Jeffrey and Oren,
Sports & Outdoors Product Reviews Blog ICIU (sportinggoodsiciu.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Two beautiful boys, with gorgeous eyes, the close-cropped hair reminiscent of days in the Aggie corps of cadets, chiseled faces and strong hands. And in those eyes, as they drink and study their hands, throw chips and talk, I see their anguish and it makes me so sad. I don't know why their marriages are breaking up. I don't know what they were like at home, whether they weren't available or whether they ran around. But what I do know is that they're not running around tonight because they're here with me. At this table, with seven other boys. Shuffling chips and counting cards, absentmindedly looking at the fight on TV ever so often as the button continues its never ending rotation around the table.
In our family we did not completely follow the pattern of roast on Sunday, cold on Monday, shepherd’s pie on Tuesday, rissoles on Wednesday… but we did have all those things. Cold meat (mutton, beef or pork – chicken was a treat) would be served with jacket potatoes or mashed potatoes, or at the right time of year, new potatoes and sometimes we might have chipped potatoes (not chips.)
Like all disinfo campiagns, there is truth involved. There are indeed secret SEAL teams 7-9, and as I have stated before, SEAL Teams 10 and 11 operate inner earth; 12-14 off-world; 15 is inter-dimensional and 16-17 are time travel teams.
I'm sure I'll refer to that little beach as Hobo Beach in the foreseeable future.
STO: I saw on your myspace player that "Love Is A Dream" was a song from a demo. Why was it used on this album and not the debut? Are any older songs likely to appear on future albums?
Two children begging in rags
Common Portrayals: revolutionaries, millionnaires, CEOs, military and world leaders, valedictorians, love interests, visionaries
Of course, Murphy’s Law went into effect and I had just shaved my legs the night before I got the epilator in the mail! I had to wait a few days before I could try it. I checked out all of the neat attachments, and I was especially impressed by the tweezers with the LED light and mirror inside. I did try those right away and they completely rocked! They made it really easy to see and grasp my fine eyebrow hair.
Are these protestors denying the existence of these realities and the interlinked need for changes? How many of them even bothered read the LLRC, or even this resolution they are so opposed to?
The week between was always a good time for me.
The little boy some might refer to as a "Handful".......
I love Autumn , with it's colours and it's smells, and although there is a threat of snow in the air, the trees are still full of wonderfully coloured leaves.Enjoy it while it lasts and before everything will be white !!
“Well, I’ll be frank, it’s because my name sucks.”
The most extraordinary show no one saw, Dali arranged original, unaltered Mao era photographs next to their propaganda counterparts in popular magazines and newspapers. The pliable truth of photographic presentation and the force with which it can compel belief was on view.
The author also shows ganguro, but she refers to it as more of a homage thing than disrespectful.
He could entertain himself all day with shoes and puzzles.
The office is available for advice and individual appointments by telephone only. Please call (718) 645-3111. For those seeking such services, it may also be helpful to reach out directly to the New York City Department for the Aging. See here: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dfta/html/home/home.shtml.
I am happy that I can take the boot off to sleep and shower, so that makes life a lot easier, even though I can’t walk still. I’m not sure why I thought I would be off the crutches after moving into the boot but I sort of thought I would. I guess this is going to take longer but that’s ok – I can wait it out. It will be worth it once it’s healed up and I’m finally able to do the things I haven’t been able to for a long time.
Sausage and Bean Dip
The disruption, of course, is aimed at more than the general population. The strikes and other unannounced work stoppages cause electricity and water service outages frequently. Many of these are deliberately timed for late afternoon, to maximize discomfort for tourists checking into hotels, for restaurants preparing evening meals (it’s tough to cook and wash dishes without electricity or hot water), for merchants trying to make sales at the peak shopping time of day (electronic cash registers and inventory systems go “down” when the power fails), and so on.
1 15 oz can of petite diced tomatoes
Fortunately, behind its traditional brick-masonry walls, Kathmandu hides a number of gracious courtyards where soothing fountains flow, sunlit gardens quietly thrive, and iced drinks are served in the shade. The "valley of Shangri-La" was thought to be a hidden paradise amongst craggy mountains; similarly, these urban oases offer respite from the grime.
Paramount renamed the animation house "Famous Studios." While veterans of Fleischer Studios would be placed in charge of the studio, it is generally agreed by animation historians that the quality of Famous Studios' work would be dramatically less than that of Fleischer Studios. Much of this was due to the fact that Paramount downsized the studio a great deal, cutting both the staff and the budgets of animated shorts. While the popular Popeye cartoons would continue for years, the costly Superman shorts would be ended a year after Paramount took over Fleischer Studios. Famous Studios would introduce its own characters who would go onto become famous in their own right. Casper the Friendly Ghost, Herman & Katnip, Baby Huey, and Little Audrey were all characters who emerged in Famous Studios' cartoons. The studio also licensed popular comic strip character Little Lulu for successful series of cartoons.
The directions called for sprinkling two or three table spoons of the granules around the mound and on top. After the granules were sprinkled, it required pouring up to two gallons of water around and top of the mound.
Me: Right? You know that? Two lanes, one two, uno dos? One for you one for the other people driving?
evening moves on toward morning and I have come full circle.
Grease a sprung tin (mine is a 23cm tin)
Art is the making; not the product.
No cracks of light
It still sounds pretty much like dark, early Eighties style music to me, though. Not that this is necessarily a bad thing. In fact, it’s not at all. It’s pretty damn fine.
Note: Their pouches are not BPA free. Salmon sold in pouches is “pouched” in Thailand and sourced in Alaska or Russia. In terms of contaminants, they should be pretty much the same, says one expert. (If Russian salmon is Atlantic and not Pacific salmon, however, avoid it. It could have grown up near a large nuclear sub base.)
Indeed, Miss Sery is the precisely the kind of open-air artist we would love to see in Africa. Not far from where I live is a stupendous gorge above the Congo River called “Cassandra’s Crack”. It was named after the wife of Sir Arthur “Podgy” Podgkin, the Victorian explorer who tragically perished in the rapids below. If Alizee were to perform near the edge of The Crack, flinging her garments into the yawning fissure, it would certainly be celebrated as a pious deed of remembrance. The exotic dancer is revered in our part of the world.
We still waiting on Glibbs Plane Talk Report…it still by An&?
As for works that discuss the history of early Islam and its development in particular, Hugh Kennedy, now head of the Arabic department at the London School of Oriental and African Studies, published a work, entitled The Great Arab Conquests: How the Spread of Islam Changed the World We Live in, which gives a very enjoyable narrative of the Islamic expansion, as well as explaining how the Islamic expansion affected the nature of the Western world. It’s a long work (about 500 pages), but in very large type, and very easy to read. Kennedy is an engaging author, and he tells the story of the Islamic expansion in an easy, fluid manner.
I do a double take. What?
Joe fingers carr - Istanbul (not constantinople)
Angry, I texted back ‘If that’s how you feel there won’t be another time. I’ll be out of your hair to make it all less complicated’.
Missouri Republicans talk small government, but the truth is they are afraid to divorce the federal government in these matters because they are too afraid they will lose the big government money that comes with this dangerous relationship. If you are truly going to "reclaim America's future" it begins by enforcing the Constitution and limits placed upon government, otherwise we are heading over the cliff as government continues to overreach in all matters including education.
1971.
half the votes - maybe more!
The study was funded by a grant from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and published by Ivor E. Tower, M.D. Other contributors included Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), the United States Justice Department (USJD), the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (BATF).
The People Serving People rooftop garden is making ripples in the system far beyond their walls and in many areas:
It was then that my attention began to be drawn to the activities of a group of people known as 'Combat 18'. I had heard of it previously but nothing had happened to induce me to take any special notice of it. Groups on the fringe of the BNP, sometimes causing it embarrassment by their ill-conceived propaganda and activities, had existed for years and probably always would exist. But evidence began to accumulate that this particular group was severely damaging our party, not only by its public behaviour but by its actions in inciting demoralisation and disloyalty among our members.
These are, of course, just a few examples of songs which I think have great guitar solos. What about you, what would you nominate?
Until it suits you, one fine day,
Grand Greek Revival Architecture w/Neoclassical additions, The Myers Smith Home (Circa 1880) features wide front porches, terraces, and beautiful grounds with inground pool and cabana. Pride of ownership shows with many updates including a 2009 master bath addition, and kitchen updates. Wrought gates lead to 3 car garage. Home is Registered in the National Register of Historic Places.
will live again in the memories
Ultimately whichever diet you choose they are not a million miles apart and as every dog is slightly different you are going to learn as you go and make the tweaks that suit your dog.
The deformed metal skeletons of structures loomed over my head. I could still see the shattered glass panels that were hanging precariously in place, the charred interiors, stonework crumbling and ripped away. Bricks and boulders and steel beams were still strewn across the street in the less-used areas, starting to accumulate moss in the damp. Thankfully most of the bodies had been removed from the main city but I’m sure, in a city that size with millions of people, there are still thousands out there, locked up and unburied. The underground had been sealed off since it all began, and no one dared venture down into the endless, fetid tunnels. So many people had sealed themselves away down there, like they had done before, but there was no more safety there than above ground. It was everywhere and there was no escape. No one knows for sure but from my own experience, I would say that the percentage of deaths from suicide in the immediate aftermath would be around 30-35%. God knows I thought about it myself, but it wouldn’t have been fair to all the people I watched die.
Rebekah.
It's all over Pinterest.
Also the issue of the value of feedback and
out of the bag. Keep moving. I know
The black replacements for those 9,000 qualified white water-engineers were so uneducated that the Water Research Commission had to create a cartoon-like manual to teach sewage-plant operators with SYMBOLS instead of in writing, showing them how to carry out tests to establish clean-water safety levels…
Email us at :
To be fair to Zephaniah he may have been lucky that most of the media was too politically correct to ask him how he reconciled rejecting a nation which produced the great abolitionists, and who's navy pursued and attacked slave traders. whilst revering a nation where slaves were openly owned less than 80 years ago, given that the only credible answers were likely to expose a level of instinctive racism which the left like to pretend only exists in reverse.
Dear The Sun,
"Writing in The Times in May 2007, Sir Hugh Laddie observed that "The Patents Court has been at the forefront of refining High Court litigation. Starting with Mr Justice Jacob (as he then was) for the past 15 years there has been an aggressive attempt to streamline procedure. Most things have been tried, including limiting (though not abolishing) documentary discovery."
"And anyway, here in Botswana if anybody came to rob the bank, you'd probably know exactly who they were. You could simply threaten to tell their mothers.
"We hope that our haberdashery range is fairly unique. We try to offer some of the essentials, but also look for products that are hard to get hold of. We love our new lace edged polka dot bias binding, and have had excellent feedback on it. We also make our own bias binding, which can be fairly time consuming, but we think that it's good to be able to provide something that we've been able to produce ourselves.
Now the pepper plants are at the correct size for what they should be right now. I should be able to get them into the ground right around the correct time. The photo above shows the plants from the old seeds and the heirlooms. The flat of new seeds are having a really hard time sprouting. In fact, I put the cover back on them tonight. I don’t think they have gotten warm enough to open the seeds yet.
waiting for a bouquet
movement from Sartre’s “No Exit” to Buber’s “Ich und Du”.
Super Junior’s Leeteuk said what he wants to do as a newly-married groom.
Certainly, this will be the worst time for Malaysians to lose faith. By gagging the opposition media, Umno-BN will be able to inflict its own propaganda on an unsuspecting public. Those portals that have so far been fairly neutral can be counted on to suddenly ‘activate’ and churn out deliberately false reports to discredit Bersih and Pakatan. It is much like ‘sleepers’ or agent ‘moles’ or Trojan horses activating themselves in the enemy camp once the signal is given.
In the same skillet, saute onion and garlic in remaining butter until
And he talked about Saint Hill Size Orgs, where expansion was judged on delivery of Scientology, not on square footage. When was the last time you heard that term?
Clothes: My outfit of choice these days is my scummy pants (aka Yoga pants that have never been to yoga.) When I get home from work each afternoon I give Nolen kisses and run upstairs to change. Ahhh scummy pants, everyone should own a pair!
Farreda: I will not marry you heard that? I will not let you kill my spirit.
This is my new home for my vents...my pisses....etc. If you are new here, howdy...I will try to create a link to the back story from my former blog: With Love From Sumy that my Sumyite Radical child has discovered and very likely given out to his fellow patients at the psych hospital. Like my cell phone number and hopefully, not my address. I love my son but amazingly, he does not always think first and act second.
What makes a cover memorable? For starters, it has to add some new dimension or have a different angle from the original. It could be a new context or maybe done in a different genre. Humor usually helps, and in my book, bizarre is a bonus.
I think there’s been quite enough stage-setting in this post, it’s time to get on with the main event: the index to the series itself. As I said above, in this first draft of the series, I’m going to be using David Shaw’s article on cryoethics as my basic guide to the topic. And since Shaw’s article looks solely at the ethics of cryonics, I will avoid, for the time being at least, considering the technological feasibility of cryonics. I may consider this at some future point, but such an eventuality is unlikely for two main reasons: (i) it’s well outside my own area of expertise and (ii) as we shall see, the technological feasibility of cryonics does not need to be particularly strong for the main arguments to work.
“I urge Malaysian women to distance themselves from the Wanita Umno wing, which has failed to save themselves from this situation and were willing to allow themselves to be led by the nose.
Suitable: 18LV
practices allegedly perpetrated under the nose and with the active
This is only a few of the events happening this weekend. Plus the weather is perfect to hit up the pools, we hope to see you there.
A. regarded preserving the Union as their top priority.
In Book a Week with Jen, Jen recovers from the worst year of her life by reading - everything from dating books written for men to foodie lit to running books to romance novels (and even an instruction guide to threesomes). Funny, inspiring, and full of essays about good books, Book a Week with Jen is how one writer used the power of reading to pull herself through to a brighter side."
Was so tired last night that I had to go to bed at 7:30. Not depressed tired, just felt like I didn't go to sleep, I would fall down where I stood. I didn't feel good yet I have no symptoms that I was aware of. As a result, I woke up at 3:30 and got on the computer. Had to decide if I wanted to stay up or go back to bed. Why I don't go back to bed, I don't understand. I know that would be best. Perhaps I just had to get my nightmares out of my head. Doesn't matter as when I went back to bed I ended up with even worst nightmares. I am tired. It seems as though the nightmares make me even more tired. Is that possible?
The associated website, www.welovethisbook.com will come out of Beta to coincide with the launch of the second issue and will have additional features, interviews, reviews and blogs including an interview with the much loved fantasy author Terry Pratchett on the publication of his 39th Discworld novel, an exclusive twitter interview with Margaret Atwood, a slot with Conn
Some EBT cards also have a cash option included which is drawn from other benefits and linked to the card. This option allows withdrawals of funds just like if someone was using an ATM and is supposed to be used for those items where an electronic payment is not possible or allowed by the system. Paying for a flat tire to be repaired, a monthly buss pass, phone bill or rent to name a few. What the found receipt displayed here reveals is how easy it is to circumvent the EBT system and use it in ways it was not intended.
Thanks Mandy, so such a nice surprise and so sweet of you as always!!!
“Fuel, not ignitions, causes fire. You can send an arsonist to Death Valley and he’ll never be arrested.” -Richard Minnich
So today I’ll try to rest
FINALISTS:
We live upon the very same earth, we all belong to the same universe but the oceans that separate us have created rifts between us. We once shared the very same home, and although those days have been and gone we were once family and that shouldn’t be forgotten.
It had stopped at 11.25, that much was easy to see, though I couldn't say how long it was before either of us noticed. I don't know if the quietly reassuring tick had stuttered and stilled while we slept upstairs, or while we sat watching other clocks in our different offices, hours away from home and each other.
The above picture shows what I think is the most complicated event: Science Crime Busters. You need to know solid, liquid, and metal analysis, which earns half the points. You also need to know hair, fiber, and DNA analysis. You also examine fingerprints, tread marks, and splatter patterns. After examining the evidence you then need to decide who dunnit.
Here's wishing you all a wonderful weekend! I have lots of errands to run today and the sun is out, so I'm anxious to get outdoors for a while! Thanks for stopping by!
So, last night I bringing ah pardna up to speed on the Cheryl Miller case because he was in transit for the last few days and unable to read the blog (me woulda shame).
Andrei and I went back to Immigration twice this week. The first time was to argue our case. We got in line at 8:00 in the morning and it wasn't our turn until 6pm. They were taking about 1 person an hour. I was calmer though with A. there and everyone praying for me. I had clarified a few things, but the Inspector still wouldn't accept my new passport. She said I needed some kind of proof that I had changed my name and all the documents matched. We were arguing in circles.
Buckle in and be not faint of heart! Here we go…
First, we looked for a replacement treadmill. Limited progress was made with the actual dealer we wanted to visit, despite claiming to have an outlet in Mid Valley on their website, actually not so much existing. So it may be some time before we sort that out.
I’ve wanted to write about the debacle of ordering a new mattress online, where 3 times it was damaged in the delivery, so it wasn’t until the 4th time the company sent it out were we finally able to accept it.
I have been going through a lot of my clothes that haven't fit me for awhile, and today I put on a pair of jeans that I used to wear..and they fit! It was a tight fit, but by golly I got 'em zipped :)) I notice that I had a tendency to buy clothes that I knew didn't fit me at the time, or would be a little snug, but I always told myself, it will fit me soon. Pfffft. Well, now they are fitting me. So many cute summer dresses and my old t-shirts that were too tight. So much stuff I forgot I even had! I found a dress today that I got from Marshalls last summer, I couldn't wear it, but now I can.
The first third of White is utterly heartbreaking as poor Karol deals with one soul-crushing injustice after another. In the second third, he rebuilds his life in Warsaw in an inspirational turn of events as he is employed as a bodyguard for a local criminal while cutting hair for his brother on the side. Karol is a quiet, unassuming guy. As a result, people, like his wife and the local crooks, underestimate him. They don’t realize just how clever he is and this is used to his advantage. Finally, the last third of the film is Karol’s payback on those who wronged him. In White, the traditional roles are reversed as Karol is the ingénue while Dominique is led by her sexual drive. Over the course of the film, we see him reassert his own identity while refusing to lose his optimism or romantic nature.
5. Accessories Wedding veils are often just one component of the hair. Common accessories include flowers, jeweled pins, feathers, fascinators, and tiaras. To avoid too many elements competing with each other, elaborate accessories are often paired with simpler hairstyles. Many brides choose to combine the veil and accessory into one piece so that it’s easier to wear and creates an overall sleeker look.
Before my whiny rant yesterday, I had gone to a meeting with friends. Everyone was going out afterwards. I was headed home, but, like true friends, they backed me into a corner and made me admit that I had no money and no prospects and insisted on overfeeding me and laughing at all my jokes. They let me be awkward and call me awkward. And still take me to O'Charley's for delicious.
The house was made of pale stone and there were lights inside and voices raised in song. No bawdy chanting here – this was music to stir the soul, not the loins. It filtered down the snow-covered land and made the space between the oil lamps taste less dark.
Food cravings: Baked potatoes have been on the top of my list this week. I must be in my carb phase right now.
December 13, 2011 ~ Fire Inspection
I’ll see you next week. In the meantime, take care and don’t bend over for the soap.
My canvases are 18"x24" and cost like 5 bucks for both. The prints cost me $3.50. Now Restoration Hardware's canvases are 24"x30" and cost $345 EACH for that size!! Aye! That's a savings of $682.50!!!! Don't you just absolutely lurve when that happens! That's all folks- DIY eye charts and saving some dough!
On a recent trip to the city, I purchased an Easter tea towel from Bed, Bath N' Table with another idea in mind. Whilst having an Easter tea towel is cute and all, I thought I could use them to make a table runner and some placemats.
Yes, it’s movie related. Because I’m me.
delicate--not for me. tolerant--i'll try. resilient--we'll see about that.
3. I Remember You
What a difficult world children must cope with.
Do you trust what you’re eating?
“Neotame was approved by the FDA for general use in July 2002 … The FDA loosened all labeling requirements for Neotame as part of a large-scale effort to make it a near-ubiquitous artificial sweetener, to be found on the tabletop, in all prepared foods, even in organics. It simply does not have to be included in the ingredient list.”
But now... I dunno. I think I want to really make a statement. Here are the stickers I'm considering:
This seems like an excellent topic.
Violets blooming softly in the grass
One time you told me that you didn't know something you were gonna write on was broken. And you got a nail in your finger and you had to go to the doctors. When you came back home from the doctors. When I heard that, I knew to say something sweet about this story, that I hope it never happens again.
There are, to be sure, some rules. In the seven weeks following former President Hosni Mubarak's forced departure last year, a series of policy statements by the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF), a set of constitutional amendments developed by an ad hoc committee appointed by the SCAF and approved in a referendum, and a "constitutional declaration" drafted secretly and proclaimed by the SCAF collectively laid out a set of procedures for rebuilding the Egyptian political order. Those procedures have largely been followed. But they have led Egypt into a state of complete confusion. Indeed. "Imbroglio" is much too mild: the situation is currently [fouled] up beyond all recognition.Ten of the 20-odd candidates for President have been disqualified. Perhaps more critically, the Constitutional Assembly has been suspended by the courts, while SCAF and Field Marshal Tantawi are now saying that the constitution must be in place for SCAF to hand over power to the elected President on June 30, which is only a month and a half away and with no constitution-writing body in being. Is that an implied threat to stay in power on the part of the military? It sounds like one to me, raising the possibility that the return to the barracks will be postponed even further.
Level 19: Recovers 190 HP and 57 MP every 4 seconds.
manifest as a result of it are the fruit. You will always have all sufficiency in all things if you have all grace on you. You will not
I hiked to the top a couple of days ago and thought I’d share some pictures from that hike.
I imagine him playing baseball or soccer, all legs and arms flying about the field; maybe he prefers science, loaded down with books and a chemistry set; perhaps he’s more into the arts, sculpting with modelling clay or writing comic books. But then again, possibly I presume too much; maybe he is not playing sports, not discovering new things, and not creating new realities.
GianCarlo Montebello
- She loves to sing and have songs sung to her. She sings Twinkle Twinkle, and knows some of the words of the Eensy Weensy Spider and Popcorn Popping along with all the motions. She also can fill in some letters here and there in the ABC song. She loves Jesus Wants me for a Sunbeam (Sun Beep according to her). She has her own version of the Wheels on the Bus with made up verses with actions about different family members. She sings her own made up songs off and on during the day too.
5 cloves of garlic cut in half
Aero – Make your iPhone look like Windows Vista.
The true meaning of forgiveness is to liberate yourself from your past, if you can forgive yourself you can always start a fresh and change your life for better. What we miss out most of the times is the cause of that change, it’s not because something needs to be done at an outer level, it’s something that stems out from within and starts expanding.
“You don’t have to say anything.”
While the main focus of his ministry is evangelism, he said there’s so much demonic activity it has to be dealt with in order to reach the lost.
sugar, vanilla and salt. Mix well. Add remaining powdered sugar and half and half. Frost when
Teaching Practice (TP), of course, is at the very heart of the 4-week course, and is what made it both so terrifying and so exhilarating – and also so effective. In retrospect it seems amazing that such a perfectly obvious idea (i.e. to incorporate a practicum from Day 1) hadn’t been thought of before, or that – even today – it is so relatively rarely instituted on preservice teacher training programs, especially at tertiary level. Of course, it’s not just the teaching practice that is so formative: it is the collaborative planning and the tutor-led post-lesson feedback discussion, as well as the regular classroom observation, not to mention the way that the input sessions themselves cross-refer to teaching practice, so that – when it works well – the whole experience is entirely integrated, coherent and maximally practical.
These are incredible back-to-back actions – working in behalf of the bankers who wrecked the world economy and then voting to withhold help from families impoverished by the bankers’ criminal incompetence. You’d think the constituents of some of these senators would catch on, but con men like Saxby Chambliss of Georgia take it for granted that they can get away with murder, and they do. All they have to do is lie about it. Sure, the mass media will also report what the liars’ adversaries say about an issue, but the two sides will be presented as though they’re both valid arguments even in instances when two minutes of Google research would expose the unassailable truth.
* One arrested for reusing injection syringes
The spectre of fascism still haunts and universal equality has not been achieved.
Derry City Council is to employ a private security firm to open and close security gates around the city walls.
“It ain’t really about the money, it’s about the art.” she declared when pressed on the matter.
But Moral of the story is....
The key of course lies in treating outsourcing as an ‘IT programme’, and maintain a formal ‘outsourcing programme office (OPO)’, aligned closely to the organisation’s project management office (PMO), creating a matrix structure that supports projects as well as the outsourcing programme.
* Peel and chop the feijoas quite small, dropping the pieces into the lemon water as you go.
Stay by me, I can’t forget you even if I die
The big push at Minnesota’s Capitol to pass a public subsidy for a new Vikings stadium stalled Tuesday, as the proposal got snared in the partisan politics that have defined state government under a Democratic governor and Republican legislative majorities.
drip
I used to pride myself on my use of the English language, my ability to keep in contact with people and my track record of maintaining old friendships. Now, if you're not on Fakebook or texting me back, then we probably haven't been chewing the fat for a long while. Even emails seem too much hard work.
It's no secret ad agencies like bright, shiny objects. Especially when they happen to arrive in the form of advertising awards.
I've come to enjoy free ebooks. What did we do without them. Free is always good and made better because it's, well, free. Something about a free book just makes it a good read, no matter how labor intensive it is to get through. I wish I could read all the free ebook, but I've already got bunches I haven't gotten to yet.
Those of you who know me well also know that there are precious few things in life which make me grin like an idiot and giggle like a schoolgirl; chief amongst which is, of course, the prospect of laying my hands on some new cycling related shiny.
I swoon for him. And I swoon for Dave Barry too.
With this first professorial appointment based in its School of History, Art History and Philosophy, the University of Sussex is developing its research base in modern Middle Eastern history.
Finally, it is recommended by this Commission that there be established at least once a decade, a temporary privacy commission composed for the most part of private citizens. Each such commission should survey enduring as well as emerging privacy problems in this State; suggest appropriate legislation; call public attention to coarsening “cultural” developments threatening those human sensibilities upon which an abiding respect for privacy rests; define privacy-related matters in need of extended study; and otherwise assess, correct and continue the work of its predecessor privacy commissions.
I met Andrea when she hired me to work at a little wine shop.
EMILY's FAVORITE MUSIC MIX :
Hey, give me a break, I was only three when it happened!
Some meds.
Here's some pictures of the various fabrics the ladies used. Some got a away before I could take pictures. The variety was great!
The fluid flow up the ball looks to be moving quite quickly so I decided to fire up Tracker to look at the video. Let me tell you something – you have no idea how amazing it is to mix Tracker with a high speed shot.
The film’s screenplay does bring up a lot of questions but mostly it is made just to have us on-the-edge-of-our-seats the whole entire time. Right when you think something is going to happen, director David Slade just pulls the carpet from right underneath us and gives us a scene we weren’t expecting to see next but it’s so tense and suspenseful to the point of where we can’t even sit still and watch this. It keeps on getting more twisty and more twisty as the film goes on and I think Slade did a good job at making it seem like this flick could honestly just go about anywhere and anyplace to where I just gave up predicting what was exactly going to happen next.
Overall it is safe to say that Chic Hijabs, is a company to watch out for. They are bringing originality, and creativity to a very competitive market. It is their attention to detail that makes them stand out, and their careful packaging will be sure to bring back customers. Most of all, the items they sell are reasonably priced and wont blow your budget.
The Rucksack Sustainment Load
After leaving the arboretum, I swung into an antique shop. I even left my purse in the truck, tucking it behind the bench seat. I told myself, "Today is a "look, don't buy" kind of day."
This is the BOM for one of my quilt guilds. Ok..I confess..it's not really the BOM...The real one is a school house and then they give you a different design each month for the center. I didn't really want to do a school house and one of my guild friends (Hi Bev!) said she was thinking about using this instead of the school house as it has the same 6 inch center. She ultimately decided to do the school house and I totally stole her idea. The photo isn't the best..it was taken this evening and the lighting isn't the best in the sewing room..
First we should all study the reality that is revealed by science because it is universal;
Hey there, everyone!! Well, my post is super late...but late is better than never! Tee hee! Tonight I am featuring the new stamp set called "Grand Greetings" by Lawn Fawn, which includes some really fabulous super-sized sentiments! The fonts are really fun as well....so if you love sentiments, then this is a Lawn Fawn set that will be a must have!!
Brewed: 04-08-2008
Starting off at the top-edge of the motherboard, we can clearly see a wide range of I/O Ports. No DVI and VGA Ports here though, since they’ve decided to put an mPCIe+mSATA combo expansion card in exchange of the said ports. There’s also a Clear CMOS button, and the super nice ROG Connect Button, that works wonders by enabling the user to monitor the system’s status, as well as enabling the user to overclock at hardware level using a notebook PC. You just have to download the software at the notebook, plug it at the White UBS Port, press the button, initialize the software, and you’re good to go. There’s also the Intel LAN Port, that is furthermore managed by ASUS’ GameFirst, to provide a better network throughput.
Vehicles at cost price for ECA members Dismissal for poor work performance during probation Who is an independent contractor? Installation of thermal insulation around electrical equipment ECA (SA) schedule of rates New ombudsman and new heat pump division
THE dress with the STORY.
So it just might be that you DO look better, even though you might not be feeling that way. Why should one assume insincerity?
Eventually we will become like the Eloi and the Morlocks, although I'm sure some of them already see themselves as Supermen, as they certainly treat us like chattels and serfs already.
* Flower: Wild Orchid Crafts
Am here, am here
But the right wing poses the real threat, or at least according to the media. Just like the Tea Parties in America. Real racist terrorists they are, even cleaning up behind them after a rally. Unlike the 60s hippie wanna-be “Occupy Wall Street” movement whose members defecate on police vehicles. Which brings me back to my point.
Row 3- ch1, sc in 5sc, fpdc around post of sc 2 rows below, (sk open sc, sc in next 9sc, fpdc) 5 times, sc in last 6sc,join (56sc, 6fpdc)
Both Sweet Home and Clarence concluded their investigations on Monday, April 30. Although there was no admission of using a racial slur by any Clarence lacrosse player, we have determined that there is evidence to believe that the allegations of wrongdoing have merit. Additionally, the mere existence of such allegations demands that we respond accordingly.
We started this little project back in November. It started with painting the walls with one accent wall and then repainting the accent wall so it was the perfect shade of gray.
Heretics is almost a randomly-assorted collection of essays. The only common theme from beginning to end is that the subjects of his essays address something that is, in some sense, heretical when viewed from the position of Christian orthodoxy. After finishing this book, one reviewer remarked to GKC that it was all very well to list the things he opposed, but it was far harder to write of what he affirmed. Accepting the challenge, Chesterton went on to write Orthodoxy, a book with a sustained argument culminating in a wide-eyed embrace of Christian orthodoxy as the most thrilling and romantic of all possible creeds or beliefs. Finally, Chesterton wrote The Everlasting Man, an argument for the distinctiveness and universality of Christian belief focused mostly on the person of Jesus. (At the time of his conversion, Lewis had been reading extensively in Chesterton and had been reading The Everlasting Man immediately before his conversion.) Chesterton was 20 years older than Tolkien and 30 years older than Lewis, so he’s not quite an Inkling, but most everything that came to exist in the work of the Inklings is either foreshadowed or even explicitly taught in the works of Chesterton, which makes him quite helpful in understanding Lewis and Tolkien.
What language was I speaking?
Steve and his assistant Emma (SALLY PHILLIPS) must find a decoy bride and think that local girl Katie (KELLY MACDONALD) will be an ideal replacement. But when Katie meets James, sparks fly, dresses get ruined and love gets complicated.
She is offering one of A Year of Jubilee Readers a necklace like the one I reviewed, with your own names of course :) I want to make sure you can get this for Mother's Day so it will be a little shorter of a giveaway than I typically do. Make sure to tell your friends and family about Jessica and her Etsy shop!
The recipe dapples far enough into Italian influences to be considered Italian but like so many of my favorite offerings, this recipe has just enough charm of Creole and southern flavorings to make it a classic standard in our house. In fact, this is one I am adopting and will repeat many times. Thank your Aunt Ida and Big Mama who ever you are.
Everybody wingin'
Billy Bogus & Sal - Terror Island (Enzo Ponzio Mix)
….and so it is with the Weekly Photo Challenge here on WordPress. I try my best to look at every entry, I don’t always comment because there are just too many entries now to leave comments on every one. I do however use Zemanta and if it spots your blog as a related entry I will publish it. Anyway I digress. When I look at the entries for the photo challenge I often think how does that relate to the theme. Sometimes I see it as a very tenuous link, sometimes it’s glaringly obvious and sometimes I just don’t get it. No matter how many times I will look at the image.
It makes my meat loaf
Despite the fact it was told in third-person narrative, I felt so connected to Helen, Lucas, and the rest of the characters. They were so fun to read about! Even if they had a huge role or not in the story, they each left a good lasting impression on me. Their personalities are so vibrant and they each have their own trademark characteristics, it's practically impossible to forget about them!
Oh yeah...I'm an idiot. What do you think? Should we tweet this to CBS and see if we can still get on the show? Haha, I doubt it but DUDE...I about peed my pants. Gotta love it. (Sorry for all the videos lately...for some reason we have been iphone video crazy.)
When they pass out she drenches the old wooden floor in spare gas she finds in their trunks. It´s more difficult to set on fire than she would have thought, but she´s persistent.
I truly believe a hero of mine died that day…
Noodles
Why shouldn't Iran have a nuclear weapon? Israel has it. Why does Israel think it needs a nuclear weapon and Iran doesn't. Why should Israel have nukes in the first place?
Besides, people like ME.. .the late transitioners.. . we behave ourselves. Don’t we?
Ben-David interviewed several squadron leaders, pilots and other officers. He noted that some of the IAF personnel, “it is likely, will not return from the mission.” An officer named Gilad said it would be “naive” to think there would be no losses.
Ho Ho ho!!
Me: "You know, I had no problems with Asgardian gods, giant gamma-ray mutant dudes, or flying aircraft carriers, but Scarlett Johansson's teacup Weaver really threw me out of the moment for a second, there. It messed with my willing suspension of disbelief..." I'll also note that I had difficulty wrapping my head around the idea of a Glock 26 in a tactical drop-thigh rig; the sight was jarring like... I dunno... like a space-saver spare on a race car.
Ink/medium:copics,memento ink tuxedo black
This week's top Austin grocery deals might make you want to pay homage to B-52's vocalist Fred Schneider by screaming, "Let me kiss your PINEAPPLES!"
113000 Forestry & logging (including forest nurseries & timber tracts)
When a licensor sells proprietary machinery to a licensee, the terms for such a transaction can be shown in separate paragraph of the agreement, in a schedule attached to the agreement or in a separate sales agreement. On occasion, a licensee is permitted to buy machinery from a third party based on the licensed patents and/or know-how.
Before Christmas in an application concerning AIB, it was only at the last moment that journalists at the Irish Times learned that there was to be a hearing and legged it over to the High Court just in time to catch the government’s legal team entering the court to seek directions in relation to AIB. The government demanded the exclusion of the journalists and others, and its demand was acquiesced to, and the hearing was subsequently held in camera. The February High Court hearing saw lawyers on behalf of the Irish Times and RTE turn up to press their rights to report the hearing and the hearing was heard in open court. Few details were given though as to how the government was to going to sell an important chunk of property in 100% State-owned financial institutions. It emerged that bidders had to sign confidentiality agreements before being admitted to the auction.
Mr Tata said that things are different in his native India. "If you are in a crisis, if it means working to midnight, you would do it. "The worker in JLR seems to be willing to do that; the management is not," he said.
The next question is “do we want or care if different communities look, feel and function differently from each other in the United States”? Historically, the local climate and available materials and/or craftsmen strongly influenced the prominent architectural styles and details. For example, historic buildings in the South incorporated large overhangs to block the hot sun, and high ceilings to allow the heat to passively rise out of reach. But buildings in the North would be more concerned about winter cold and snow, and therefore incorporate increased roof pitch to shed snow or use stone walls and floors to absorb and hold the heat of the winter sun. As an architect, I would argue that those differentiations in local architecture should be respected and maintained…even when modern engineering solutions can usually outweigh the need for those conditions. Just as most humans wish to be recognized from other humans, towns and communities should keep and promote their distinguishing character as well.
Kids start to taunt,
Major Sponsors of
Cool in the tin for 5 minutes then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely before decorating.
3. I’ve been divorced for nearly 19 years… he’s a friend on Facebook. He’s the 2nd husband, who wasn’t a jerk and is still alive, thank God!… LOL. It’s important for people who divorce to put their kids FIRST… I think we mostly did that (there will always be a screw up or three along that path!)
I was so excited that I had to go ahead and post this at work. I just received an email from Melinda, our social worker, who has gotten the CAN forms back for Holmes and me…if you don’t remember, these are the forms that we were expecting to take months because of department cutbacks at the state (which I may have to quit calling Shaneyney now that they have pulled through for us). We are still waiting on the CAN form for Hisayo, but still I’m feeling really encouraged that we have at least an approval on one set of forms…hopefully, Hisayo’s won’t be but maybe a month behind ours. After Melinda receives Hisayo’s form, she will submit the home study for approval and then the review process will take about a week. After that, they will begin putting together the dossier to submit to China. So, it’s possible that by summer we will be looking at profiles! In other good news, Lifeline has notified everyone that they expect 3 new Lifeline sponsored orphanages to go online for adoption by late June/ early July (which hopefully will be right when we are finishing up our dossier). A team of experts from UAB went to visit these orphanages around mid-april and they are busy compiling all of the medical/ social information for these children into referral packets to be available by that June deadline. Since we are adopting special needs, we can be matched with a child even if our paperwork is not officially in China. In a regular adoption, you receive a login date from China and are put on a waiting list based on that date. For special needs, you can be matched as long as your dossier is expected to be in China within 6 months of your matched date.
In the 'Rocky Horror' service books of 1962 the feast of the Invention of the Holy Cross has been abolished as its observance in the West only dated to the seventh century (it appears on May 3rd in Martyrologium Hieronymianum. Today becomes a ferial day with a commemoration of SS Alexander etc at Lauds and low Mass. The Paschaltide Doxology (and tone) is not sung at the Horae Minores. In sung Masses there is one collect. Vespers are of the ferial day without a commemoration of St. Monica. In contrast even Cranmer's Book of Common Prayer preserved the feast of the Invention of the Holy Cross in the Kalendar. Thank God for the abrogation of the 1962 Missale Romanum by Paul VI!
When the Acadians were cast from their home in Nova scotia by the dreadful British, and made their way to Louisiana, they made friends with the local Indians and Creoles from New Orleans. The Creoles had been brought to New Orleans from haiti as slaves, and gumbo was their native dish. The Creoles taught the Cajuns how to make their staple soup, gumbo, and the Indians taught the Cajuns how to use the lush and bountiful Louisiana flora and fauna to create delicious dishes."
And in addition to remembering what happened that day, we should all remember that one of the reasons it happened is because our federal government got so big, and so corrupt, so distracted with things it should not be doing, that it utterly failed in the most important thing it is supposed to do — protect the American people.
14. Sunny Day - Pigbag / 6:11
We are enjoying an early Easter cocktail today. Chad has been working in his mixology lab, re-creating our favorite treats found in our Easter baskets.
No fear of bugs
I title this entry in its entirety: Middleofthenight/earlymorning/lyinginbedthinkingofpastpresentfutureloveandlonging epiphanies.
Congress chose to make them eligible because the refundable part of the Child Tax Credit — technically a separate Additional Child Tax Credit — was intended to relieve lower-income parents of some portion of their tax burden.
I struggled a lot with the concept of flesh; and its supposed weakness and its goading. It had to be mortified, which was a huge challenge, the flesh being omnipresent. In the ninth commandment, the union of man and woman was described using the words "the work of the flesh". The mystical body of Christ, the body of the Church --- this religion certainly used a lot of physiology even in its most spiritual aspect.
Don't really like the sweet, tart caramel malt flavours. For me it's re@pellant and disgusting.
2. He had wine with His meals,
Over the past few months, a couple of contests have certainly been exposed to a wide audience: the Sobol Contest and Gather.com's First Chapters Writing Competition. So maybe it's not surprising that someone has decided to do a little borrowing. What do you get when you take Gather.com's first three chapters concept and combine it with Sobol's excessive entry fee and unpleasant stipulations for winners? Premiere Fiction, a contest that invites initial submission of the first three chapters, has an entry fee of $125 (no, that's not a typo), and takes publication rights to the winners' manuscripts.
In the coming weeks, a clearer picture will emerge about the new leaders of government, from the local to the national levels. I hope to find that more young people have taken (and in some parts of the Philippines, wrestled) the reins of leadership away from the dinosaurs of Philippine politics. I hope to see more idealistic, reform-minded, policy-oriented people in the ranks of elected officials. I hope there will be more leaders who want to champion reproductive health and the rights of women. I hope there will be a genuine focus on the grinding, generational poverty that plagues the Philippines, and a sincere desire to lift the standard of education that can break the cycle.
I am inspired by anything a little out of the ordinary or strikes me as odd. Barnum circus photos, a bone or natural specimen that is misinterpreted as something more grand than it actually is, even a passage from a fairy tale that I find a bit dark or twisted.
"Lager
*Lake Michigan
It’s like, it woudn’t be me. It is easier to do things, when you are not you, it is like living someone else’s life. (The skinny Kis’ life)
An’ hustlin’ drunken soldiers when they’re goin’ large a bit
Kiltgord Auditorium
My ill-communicated point is there are some universal experiences and lessons we all take away from the haze of miss-spent youth. There’s also one universal teacher each of us fell back on at one point or another. Television. And to each generation a program is born that comes to define what we expect from our school days.
I think it's amazing.
The experimental drug seeks to mimic the gene mutation and block a sodium channel which normally produces nerve impulses that convey pain signals to the brain.
I have not done much with my hair, for now just co washing w/ Aubrey organics and DC every other week along with protective styles until I whip out the curly fro routine I've been hoping to get to.. Time has not been my friend so taking time out for anything has been problematic including hair. In the midst of it all I'm also meditating more, as well as in the process of setting up an altar.... but all that is still in the works. I don't even have time for inspiration and with summer being here weekends are full of BBQ's, beaches etc....
Welcome to the My Thoughts Exactly Design Team Blind Blog Hop! We're searching for the newest additions to the MTE team! I am NOT a new member, but you should check of the next person HERE! If you stopped by my blog today and you don't know what I'm talking about be sure to stop by the My Thoughts Exactly Blog for all the details on the hop, plus a GIVEAWAY!!!
The Annapolis director of player personnel, Marvin O’McMelvinson told us, “We feel Woods will help raise our profile in the National Football League. Recent polling data shows very few Americans are even aware we have a team.”
For those of you playing at home this is how you go about doing it:
Mr Janin told CNN that one generator producing 1,000 litres a day is ‘enough to provide water for a village or town of 2,000 to 3,000 people’.
There is much to glean from these lovely old tales, fast becoming trivialized and forgotten.
The only me-time is at night after clearing the toys and cleaning the mess etc. Recently I have also started ghostwriting. Don't pay much but it's kinda fun and I do get to learn quite a lot. It's just that I have to put in much time to do the researches. So like they say, 24 hours is not enough! :-)
The byplay between Charlie and Tommy is very funny and there’s a tough climax in the funhouse. If you’ve been disappointed in some of the Chan series, give this one a try.
The Rogers family just barely got their bags unpacked from bringing home TWO RR treasures before they raised their hands to go back again... THEY ARE THE FAMILY GETTING BERNADETTE AND MASON!! How can we not support them?? We screamed LOUDLY for someone to cross the ocean and they RAISED THEIR HANDS HIGH! Please drop some funds in their bucket to help them!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE - They have so much left to raise!! Plus, I am so excited to think that these two precious treasures are going to be living in MY STATE!!
NOTE ON ASAFOETIDA: This comes in many varieties. I used to have a very potent one, and using only the the smallest pinch gave off an immense, big-on-umami, garlic-like essense. Now I can’t find it anymore and have resorted to some other product, also going by the name asafoetida, but actually only containing a small amount and mixed with rice powder and other things. Now I need to use quite a bit more to get the same kick. The other explanation might be that my taste buds have deteriorated and it has all been the same stuff all along. Who knows.
And then I walked away. I never touch them, I leave them alone, to do their soaking and whatever else they want to do when I am not looking! I watched a movie, chatted with my brother about computer problems, and then remembered my poor skeins!
Not to mention that fact that we love the city of Austin and plan to retire there.
The purpose for which the Muslims are required to fight is not as one might think to compel the unbelievers into embracing Islam. Rather their purpose is to put an end to the sovereignty and supremacy of the unbelievers so that the latter are unable to rule over men. The authority to rule should only be vested in those who follow the true faith; unbelievers who do not follow this true faith should live in a state of subordination…Jizyah symbolizes the submission of the unbelievers to the suzerainty of Islam. To pay the jizyah of their own hands “humbled” refers to payment in a state of submission. “Humbled” also reinforces the idea that the believers, rather than the unbelievers, should be the rulers in performance of their duty as God’s vicegerents.
Find the Joy in the Journey…realizing that women are making progress in the workplace (except for that scary “finding a husband of your dreams” thing) brings a smile to my face!
Utkala-fr-utkala-maha prabhu
- She loves to jump on the trampoline.
Sam and I have been friends -- albeit cyber, unfortunately -- for about two years. I have always appreciated no, let's be frank, I've always been in awe of her sophisticated approach to entertaining and the ease with which she seems to whip up chef worthy marvels in her kitchen. I love to hear about her travels, her discoveries, what's for dinner. . .
I'm also going to get back in touch with my local media (radio and tv)
He gave an important and informative presentation leading to a few probing questions from the group. As important as it was for us to see the data and hear Charlie’s analysis suggesting future trends in funding and residential supports, I was struck by one particular PowerPoint slide. More than anything else that was presented, it cut to the core of what must drive our decision-making.
9. The daily-hourly space is on the upper part of the page. It used to be in the middle, with some space on the top and on the bottom for most important tasks and personal errands.
The Lord
I wouldn’t be without mine, though, and neither would Conal or Sionnach. There’s nothing like riding a water horse because you have to get inside their mind, and let them get inside yours. And it’s strictly a one-on-one thing. There’s no way I could ride Conal’s horse, for instance, and no way Eili could ride mine.
I've never had a gas fireplace before moving into this home, so it never even crossed my mind to clean it! Hello! And did you know that those logs aren't glued in place? You can move them around and it changes the way the flames look! (Most of you are thinking...uh duh...but I truly didn't know!) LOL!!
The intelligence chief said he was offering such unusually detailed information in public because “I just don’t want other Americans who are watching to think that we are careless.
“I think it was a professional hit on the mom,” Little Soldier said. “It was a slow death.”
Kids, welcome to Super 8.
So last night, we started our new routine!
A device that slaps me every time I chew on my sweatshirt strings. It is so gross and yet I CANNOT STOP.
Five relatives, who allegedly killed the teenager during a bizarre,
I'll be doing a review of that Taobao.com haul in an upcoming post, but for now, this is just a different velvet dress I picked up from Chicabooti recently. I'm so glad I found it, as I think it's such a wonderful staple dress for both winter or autumn. The dense texture creates an interesting, three-dimensional surface in jewel blue tones, but the design itself is simple and practical enough to be worn for any occasion. It makes a nice change from all the black dresses I've hoarded over my mission to find *that* one-for-all-event LBD (which by the way, does not exist in singularity. I don't believe it.)
I.e., there are too many common-sense issues to be counterbalanced by a purely legalistic approach. All the same, they publish the posts. I agree that the internal front is important, and that convincing others involves in the first place convincing your own troop. But the whole thing is so pathetically overdone that it amounts to preaching to the convert. For the arguments to have any efficacy, they would have to be used by someone mainstream, which, in turn, would require for said arguments not to be ridiculous. But Zionists often confuse "I can make a case for Israel, albeit ludicrous" with "I can make a winning case for Israel."
I wait
I've renamed our smartphone the funphone. It's really not any more smart than my past phone, it's just a LOT more fun (and more expensive to run) than the archaic model I set aside in August. Even the educational games I've loaded "for the kids" are fun. So fun, in fact, that the same girls who have recently taken an if-it's-educational-it-can't-be-fun attitude ask regularly to "play" with it. They know they're learning math, French and U.S. History, but they're willing to make that sacrifice in the name of entertainment.
rain boots: 2"
Nobody likes to be deceived; especially when we have invested our hearts (and checkbooks) into what we thought was the truth. However, even worse than feeling deceived, in my opinion, is feeling embarrassed by my own impulsive ideas and words after falling victim to the media monster known as the MOB MENTALITY. I don’t know about you, but more than a few times, I have experienced that shameful comedown after being part of a group rant and realizing that I may not have had all the information. (Why do I always compare my life to scenes in Lord of the Flies?!)
Previously the enigmatic frontwoman of electropop wonders Soft Toy Emergency, renowned on the indie circuit for their downright dirty dance antics, the band split back in 2010, but it was the only beginning for Jen, who has unleashed a phenomenal solo project under the moniker Vela. Just how phenomenal you say? Well, the DEMO for her pop chiller ‘Painkiller’ only managed to get featured on the popular Channel 4 reality show Made In Chelsea, which in itself is a solid statement as to just what kind of success lies in store for this star-in-the-making.
We love questions, so if you have more, keep them coming!
2. Ethan beginning elementary school
Here’s John’s crepe. (Actually, technically, the savory square dinner ones are called “galettes” and the sweet triangular dessert ones are called “crepes,” but I can’t stop calling all of them crepes. That’s just what comes out of my brain.) The photo I took of mine turned out too dark to salvage, but John’s looks appetizing:
It is pantomime season, but if wanting something with a little more substance than your average ‘Oh, yes he is, Oh, no he’s not’ theatre experience, Dion Boucicault’s Arrah-na-Pogue offers all the fun and frolics you could ask for, but with an emotional journey to boot. We went to see the play in the Abbey on Saturday night. Written in 1864, the Abbey theatre held faithful to the script, but the production of the melodrama was modern in its ability to be tongue-in-cheek.
1 blowin'
Oh! I was not able to write a very good story; I just wrote whatsoever struck my mind. May be I will try to do better next time, in case there’s next time. This particular post was in actual a way to tell the bloggers about this very amusing exercise.
Jonathan's story is consistent with others from Luoyang. "Kate" adopted her daughter from Luoyang in 2010, along with a deaf child from the Beijing orphanage. Kate's Luoyang daughter also opened up and revealed that her birth family had also been approached by officials who discussed relinquishing her. Two days before Kate finalized the adoption, and when Kate was already in the Province to finalize her adoption, the Luoyang orphanage still did not have the relinquishment paperwork signed by the birth family. To increase the pressure on the grandmother to sign the required paperwork, the orphanage took Kate's daughter on a two-hour drive to her grandmother's house. The orphanage needed the grandmother to sign papers relinquishing her grand-daughter so that the adoption could be finalized. With Kate in the area, time was running out.
3. Potterish folk use a lot, and I mean A LOT, of stuff to do potterish things. Fetch me warm to the touch water; I need a smallish sponge; where's my work board ??? Now you might can see why I kept disappearing into the garden under the guise of 'helping Mum out .....'
I am having a bit of a Fringe Problem. I’m growing it out at the moment, but this means that it just falls over one eye most of the time. Paul, my hairdresser, assures me that once it grows another inch, it will be long enough to sweep glamorously to one side and – hopefully – stay there. But until then, it just stays stubbornly glued to my left cheek. This effectively means that I am having a problem with depth perception and spend a lot of time walking into things. It also means that when its windy, my fringe covers my entire face and I am temporarily blinded.
*Not getting paid for this, I swear (and wish).
I reckon you can get in trouble anywhere if you try hard enough! This is definitely the first time I've even heard of this type of crime, and I hope it's the last!
Life Path 4 Compatibility
Well, she is in our hearts and on our minds this week as she under takes this...
· Sketch Designer will also be responsible for creating the Sneak Peek Collage each month. Sneak Peek must be ready to post on our sites and the Design Team blogs by the last Tuesday of the month.
The problem with young people today is that they don’t know how to write.
"I've lost my uncle. My father was also beaten by Zanu-PF. I am praying to God: please God deal with Zanu-PF ruthlessly."
Who doesn’t love Gladys Knight? Still this is a dance competition and she needs to be pushed more to channel all that natural grace and rhythm. Despite her low scores, Knight has never been in the bottom two so tonight could be interesting. Will her fans keep her in the ballroom or will she be dueling jive with some other couple? Tune in tonight and find about.
SATURDAY, JUNE 19, 6-10pm-The Saint Arnold Austin Pub Crawl II!
No, by jewelry and the darkside, we are not referring to Darth Vader's dusky support of theanization. Yet, the intent of jewelry inspired by Anakin Skywalker, the Sith and his Monarch reliable is inviting. Here, if you suppose writer nigh the likes of Morticia Addams of the Addams pedigree, then you're on the faction itinerary. Fount jewellery is the typewrite of adornment that the likes of her would last: mystical, ruminative, yet dandified. Viewed this way, jewelry and the darkside sure can go collaborator in side.
I've been a bit naughty & cheated on Lush. I bought a little bottle of MoroccanOil at the hairdresser's when I last got my hair done. I've heard amazing things (everyone should sign up to makeupalley.com - it's awesome) & when they used it on my hair last time I felt an instant difference. I use a few drops when I'm blowdrying it, & it has made it more manageable, softer, & less frizzy. I am so stoked. It feels a LOT healthier because my hair is ridiculously dry due to all of the straightening & dying & blowdrying I do. It isn't totally ideal because I think it does contain silicone, but my hair was driving me mad for a while because I don't do treatments nearly as often as I should, & I am always in a rush so I probably don't leave my conditioner on for long enough. But you should definitely try it if you get the chance! & definitely sign up to makeupalley, ladies. All of the users put in their skin & hair types so that you can get a better idea of what will work for you.
I don’t know, it seems a little two-faced to me too (lol), but I feel like Jay in one respect – I want to give the people what they want (and get paid), but I also what to be like Talib and give them what they need and fulfill my artistic, uplifting writer’s spirit.
marvel of primate finger,
as you wait in your wing back chair.
It's 03:23am and my eyeballs feel like there's a cheese and onion crisp behind each eyelid. My legs are aching and fidgety and are trying to tell me they should be horizontal at this ungodly hour, not dangling off the edge of a swivel chair. I've got that weird feeling that I always get around this time when I'm working a night shift, it's as though I'm no longer real but a pale, insubstantial phantom with fuzzy thought processes.
Interesting, isn’t it, how some childhood experiences are permanently seared into our memory banks? One of my unforgettable memories is of watching my boyhood friend Bobby getting hit by a car. After church one Sunday morning, he and I were standing on the front steps talking. Why he decided to bolt into the street between two parked cars I’ll never know. But that is exactly what he did. As Bobby ran between the cars, his mother, who could see a car coming, screamed: “Stop! Bobby, Stop!” Whether he didn’t hear her or didn’t care I’m not sure. He just kept running. What haunts me to this day is the memory of the sound of screeching brakes and the thud of his body against the car’s fender. I need to tell you that I am tired of hearing the thud of fellow followers of Jesus getting hit by Satan. Like friends who thought that the most important thing in life was career advancement, only to hear the thud of the long-term damage to their kids and spouses. Or of those who sold out to the allure of an affair—or to the addictive seduction of porn—and are now left with the regrets of the collateral damage of their choices.
To coincide with Jackie's visit, we are hosting a giveaway, thanks to Miss Von Tobel - we are giving away a copy of each of her books! In order to enter the contest, you must go to Jackie's web site HERE, under Collections, and pick out your favorite fabric from Jackie's line. Come back to the Comment Section and tell us which is your #1 fabric pick! We will pick two winners from the list. The contest will run until next Thursday, February 25. So be sure to hurry and enter!
Brian Winters – Reuters, 05/03/2012
It has slightly exceeded because we packet in the wrong box and we found it by the last fair in
My bulges are starting to bulge!
As widely publicised in the media today, the old Casanova, famed almost as much for his extra-marital romantic liaisons when in office as for his political achievements, was caught out by his wife yesterday during a public engagement in Correze.
This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact shabbynest(at)yahoo(dot)com.
Mona in the Desert: Arizona, 1959. Ramona has traveled to a small town north of Phoenix to meet the mother of her fiance, Robert. Ramona isn't sure she wants to marry into Robert's family. Robert's mother takes an instant dislike to Ramona. Ramona can see into the future, or maybe it's only a dream of a possible future, and she's not sure she likes what she sees. She thinks that maybe she'd like to go off and be a free spirit instead of a wife and mother. This is planned as a novella. There is very little in the way of plot.
Jack Sh*tter,
Here’s a great way to use both eggs and leftover noodles for a satisfying dish. Paula Super, of Merrimack, writes:
There are so many from the first ten years of the comic, it hardly seems plausible. Where do I start? Rogue Trooper? Halo Jones? Judge Dredd? Nemesis the Warlock? Strontium Dog? All superb.
Reverse Engineering is the SWTOR equivalent of WoW disenchanting; it provides very few materials, but it is the way prototype and artifact schematics are discovered. By reverse-engineering premium-quality items (this destroys them), you have a chance of discovering the prototype schematic; RE-ing the prototype items gives a chance of discovering the artifact recipe.
Sometimes, the shadiness finds her, as is the case with Tony (Giulio Bianchi), the virginal boyfriend of Janet (Stefania Nocilli), one of Emanuelle's favourite models. Sticking a gun in her face (he was hiding in the backseat of her car), Tony blames Emanuelle for the all the ills of society ("All you know about is sex!"). Quick thinking and an impromptu blow job get Emanuelle out of the sticky ordeal, one that, surprisingly, left her not that sticky (Tony runs away before Emanuelle could finish the job). This, it should be pointed out, is the first instance where Emanuelle utilizes her main weapon of choice, which is: Sex.
I'd last seen this reach in January. It's still changing. Much of the sand that used to be in the upstream section now sits here in bars, under big granite boulders. Because it runs so heavily, so much of the time, it flushes the old mill sediments from upstream (don't worry, they end up behind other dams downstream).
Happy Friday and happy weekend!
When he gets in trouble, even if you explain it in the sweetest way, his eyes still fill up. His eyelids start to turn pink...and it just breaks my heart:).
Blown with heroism into Spain.
Needless to say, the two sequels were not written.
Here, he is too sleepy to have full-on swirly eyes. This is more his, "I just woke up, give me a few minutes to catch up and then I'll kill you" face.
“With an estimated 20 000- odd white rhino in South Africa, this decline in average sale value reflects a drop in asset value of the country’s white rhino of R1.5bn,” he said.
The night certainly started off on the wrong foot. We queued up in the will call line at 6:00pm as advised on the NERAX website. We were the lucky ones, the line outside for those without tickets went around the block. Unfortunately we were not let into the event until around 6:40pm or so. As one of my friends said, "we are getting too old to stand around in lines like this," especially on a Wednesday night.
Thursday (March 15)~~~ I did school.and then went to sleep. My sun bern wasn't to bad but it still hurt.
1) Falstaff
Well, let’s get down to it. I ordered the Red Smitty tortilla wrap and it came out much like a burrito, but cut in half. Gooey cheese lined the inside of the tortilla, surrounding beautiful and smoky chorizo. You could taste that they had grilled the chorizo which gives even deeper flavors to the wrap. Throw in some chipotle for additional smokiness and my add-in of black beans and you’re almost there. The real star of the Red Smitty was the egg, though. It was light and fluffy and had such a fresh taste to it. Unable to resist one of my favorites, I asked for plantains on the side and they were fried very well and oh-so-sweet.
Recognized as one of the world’s top yoga teachers, Aadil Palkhivala began studying yoga at the age of seven with B.K.S. Iyengar and was introduced to Sri Aurobindo’s yoga three years later. He received the Advanced Yoga Teacher’s Certificate at the age of 22 and is the founder-director of internationally renowned Yoga Centers in Bellevue, Washington. Aadil is also a federally certified Naturopath, a certifiedAyurvedic Health Science Practitioner, a clinical hypnotherapist, a certified Shiatsu and Swedish bodywork therapist, a lawyer, and an internationally sponsored public speaker on the mind-body-energy connection.
But let us turn with relief from the ridiculous to the sublime. I am very keen on books about crime, especially Italian ones. Italian crime has a sophistication and ingenuity all its own, and so does Leonardo Sciascia. His books are so good that she who governs my every step studied them at University.
re: inquiry stone carving
“I love you too, Abby.”
14) There is a growing incidence of archaeological looting in the U.S. led by meth addicts. According to a recent study, "since meth labs are often found in isolated areas, just like archaeological sites, geographical coincidence may explain the complaints. Meth addicts are known for repetitive behavior and may find digging at sites soothing." This would make an interesting premise for a film: desperate meth heads excavating unmarked burial mounds in the middle of the night, loading up their trucks under the moon.
Papers - K & Co.
It shows. It REALLY fucking shows.
I am a small business leader, owner. I don’t plan on running a 500 person company, or a 50 person company. I have 15 people and I want to be a better leader, and keeping things simple. I know my character is the driving force behind whether i succeed or not.
Tina said nothing. She stared ahead at the wall behind the man's head. She still had no idea what his game was, or even who he was. She sipped and looked into his eyes, taking in the portion of his self, everything she could discern from within the black soulless orbs.
But once we were alive and in love and crazy
sun knew me more
Photos of Girls Aloud posing as "sexy schoolgirls" shows a look to be imitated and turns children into sexual targets. Dressing up little girls like prostitutes signals that this mode of dress is sanctioned by the Establishment to paedophiles who are made to feel their behaviour is becoming accepted.
Risa
Gere
1 relate
So far the response has been really positive, with lots of people saying they are inspired to create a wild flower meadow in their own gardens to encourage more pollinating insects. I’ll be gathering photos of our meadow and look forward to seeing all the new wild flower areas in the local gardens that the Meadow Project has inspired.
After I became a Christian I had a tonne of questions. I think we all did. I wanted them immediately answered. I never felt that I was getting the answers that I wanted or were necessarily accurate. These two books answered many of my questions. Where they couldn't answer my exact questions they enabled me to let go and trust God. I may not have all the answers and others smarter than I may not have the answers, but God has the answers. These book encouraged me to trust that alone. That I didn't need the answers to believe. God was worth more than my little questions. Sometimes I still struggle with trust issues and let those lingering questions take over, but then I remember the God that redeemed me and restored me and I trust.
I would welcome any comment you have time to leave for me and hope that you like this creation. I enjoyed making it.
A witness gives testimony to what she has seen and heard. The early followers of Christ’s Way passionately showed and told what God had done for them, to them, and with them. And their words and lifestyle were contagious, starting spiritual fires everywhere they went.
5) Feathers
Fair or not Dennis, democrats have a reputation for being soft on many issues. So thanks for confirming this in your own wimpy-ass fashion. I'm sure the state of Ohio is proud to have you serving their interests right now, as little as politicians seem to serve their constituents these days anyway.
c) Repeating the gossip would harm someone, to no purpose, therefore I shall not repeat the gossip.
PSS... I just returned to my seat from the bar where the train staff had a small celebration for my birthday. I was going to celebrate by myself with a bottle of wine but soon many people were participating. When I returned from the bathroom they had a small butter cake with 20 matches stuck in the top. So then I blew out the 20 matches/candles. I think that all of the passengers thought it was a good idea to have a birthday celebration. And I believe that they were pleased that I could understand and speak French. We went through many small bottles of wine and one person said that it was the first time an American had drunk good wine.
I was recently thinking about inspiration and how ideas spread while watching this fascinating video on "influencers" (or "trendsetters").
Now if you want personal training, well there’s going to be yet more fees for that too!
in ways such as this the authorities will perform somersaults to avoid charging a non white person with a hate crime against a white person, because they don't want to admit that the law does not permit them to do so.
Moss rose, or portulaca grandiflora, is another must for my garden. Very low maintenance, and because they are so low-growing, I use them as a ground cover between other plants. I love especially the fact that one plant will yield multicolored blooms. They are considered an annual here, although I have some that come up faithfully year after year.
The evil queen tries to poison Snow White three times and the last time everyone who loves her believes her to be so dead they put her in a glass coffin.
In order to best explain the formation of lymph, let’s backpedal for a moment…Blood supplies nutrients and important metabolites to the cells of a tissue and collects back the waste products they produce, which requires a change of respective constituents between the blood and tissue cells. However, this exchange is not direct but instead is effected through an intermediary called interstitial fluid or tissue fluid that the blood forms. Interstitial fluid (ISF) is the fluid that occupies the spaces between the cells and constitutes their immediate environment. As the blood and the surrounding cells continually add and remove substances from the ISF, it’s composition continually changes (the process of movement by which these fluids travel throughout the body will be discussed in depth in parts 2 & 3). ISF forms at the arterial (coming from the heart) end of the capillaries because of the higher pressure of blood compared to veins, and most of it returns to its venous ends and venues; the rest (1%) enters the lymph capillaries as lymph. Thus, lymph when formed is a watery clear liquid with the same composition as the ISF. However, as it flows through the lymph nodes it comes in contact with blood, and tends to accumulate more cells (particularly, lymphocytes) and proteins.
TO ENTER for your chance to win…
That kind of relaxation. The la dolce far niente. The sweetness of doing nothing and enjoying where we are in the present moment- is the greatest thanks we can give for the lives and blessing we have.
I've seen a lot of people die...........
but it only became
eating in math class
The response to my posts yesterday and the day before about the BBC Radio Two Folk Awards has been quite astonishing... It looks as if I put my finger on something that had been troubling a lot of people for a while.
The rest of the weekend I will be working on laminating and inserting all of my current charts and spreadsheets that I am going to centralize into the binder!
THERE is the REAL scandal, because it impacts the life of the Church, the body of Christ on earth.
A few minutes later we arrive at the Boulevard des Italiens. In front of us, the garish golden façade of the fashionable Maison Doree restaurant. “Bonjour Mr Dickens et Mr Collins” says a voice at the entrance. A door opens and throws light out across the face of my third guest. “Mr Charles Baudelaire. Bonjour” replies Dickens, recognising him from one of his previous visits to the city. I take the three guests through the public part of the establishment up towards the private rooms. “Let me introduce you to our final dinner guest” I announce as I open the door to our individual room.
2. Bob In Your Gait
Once again I’m a late bloomer to something so amazing and wonderful, so fun-filled and exciting, I don’t know how I made do without it. Zingerman’s mail order!
I feel proud to have been part of this. That reader now has a will because of something that I wrote. Should he die tomorrow (and I hope he doesn't!), his family will find the administration of sorting out his finances much simpler. In a small way, I have influenced that reader's life. (Or perhaps I mean the aftermath of his death!) Seeing his letter in the magazine though, brought it home that what we write can affect people's lives.
Nalley 16oz $0.75/1
When Pete went round the corner heading towards his bedroom window, I turned around to spy on Pete. I couldn't wait to see his face when he found those tracks and that fur I had planted earlier
Contrary to Singaporeans’ claims that only PAP MPs can do better a job in government, this does not seem to support such wild claims. In fact if Singaporeans are right that there are no politicians other than those in PAP who can do a better job, then going by the efficiency and effectiveness of these Malay MPs clearly indicate Singapore is in serious trouble.
The four-and-twenty met at St Mary's Church each Easter and appointed the various parish officers - churchwardens, overseers of the poor, overseers of the highways, and four parish constables. By 1658 the power of the four-and- twenty was so great within the town that it was necessary to obtain an Order in Council from Oliver Cromwell himself to have them removed from office when they disagreed with the Puritan minister at St Mary's, Thomas Weld.
"Did I just see you looking at the Word Wall? That is so smart! You are using your resources to help make your writing better!" :)
The plumes are depleting the oxygen dissolved in the gulf, worrying scientists, who fear that the oxygen level could eventually fall so low as to kill off much of the sea life near the plumes. (NYT)
Having two babies, naturally I have a lot of time to hone my diaper changing skills.
This one was a wild order as I pointed at the Spanish sign and tried to converse with the person behind the meat counter. The result was me choosing beef and pork and four small rolls/burgers appearing on my plate. In essence, it was just a mini grilled snack with well cooked meat in a plain mini bun.
almost everyone agreed that Mary’s church was backward-looking, unimaginative, reactionary, sharing both the Queen’s bitter preoccupation with the past and her tragic sterility. Marian Catholicism, it was agreed, was strong on repression, weak on persuasion. Its atrocious campaign of burnings was not merely an outrage against human decency but a devastating political blunder …. Its apologists and polemicists were dismissed as unimpressive second-raters, their works tedious and unimaginative, the regime in general fatally unaware of the crucial importance of argument and debate in the battle for hearts and minds, and neglectful of the power of both the pulpit and the printing press in that struggle (1).
By: Dirk Van Dijk
Went back to the mall and chanced upon my HKG favorite drink here!
“So that’s the way it’s going to be, huh? As soon as there’s a little trouble you turn tail and find the easy way out? That’s not what you taught me. How dare you stain father’s memory like that?”
For inspiration, please check out the fantastic creations by the rest of the Design Team and remember, no digi images are permitted at LIIU.
I introduced my first sample of my Digi Stamp, "Paisley" on my blog "Horse Krazee". Paisley is my first series of Digi Stamps and a real please to create. Although she is still in the designing stages, I really think you will enjoy her. Please share my blog with your friends, it is going to be lots of fun.
So Kristy, Wayne and I left at little after 9:00am.
I put on weight due to the Seroquel – yeah, I see you all nodding and tugging at your waist bands. I have no objection from going from 5’10” -130lb to 5’10” – 165/170. The weight sits well on me and part of that is muscle that I started trying to build, control, and maintain once the weight appeared. BUT I do have the older gentleman pot now. What my friend refers to as his ‘food baby’. I don’t like it and I know it is unhealthy (heart,cholesterol,diabetes) so I want it gone – but I’ll settle for a more realistic goal of reduced. The treadmill does do this nicely as long as I use it on a regular enough schedule.
The drastic move is meant to eliminate a backlog that means skilled workers have had to wait upwards of eight years to get into Canada.
is no longer strong;
II Samuel 8:17
I put pencil to paper yesterday after many, many years. I'd been itching to art for a couple of weeks now, since going to galleries looking to buy some art.
On August 01, 2011, the German Press Agency (DPA) reported that U.S. drones fired missiles at a vehicle in the Barmal area in South Waziristan, Afghanistan, along the Pakistani border killing at least four civilians and injuring scores others. The identities of those killed are still unknown.
I have a broad interest in what I consider literature for the masses — story papers, magazines, paperback originals. For years these areas were like a newly discovered country with only a handful of us traipsing around wondering what we would find. Twenty or so years ago, there was a growth in academic interest in what was dubbed "trash aesthetics". I was rather pleased to see that my books and articles were often cited, not because I had a desire to see my name in print (I've seen it so often it doesn't fill me with quite so much excitement these days) but because it means someone has read something I've written and found something of interest in it.
We're settling back into our routines. I have to say that the humidity is a bit rough, but at least the heat index is not quite as high as it was when we left. The air conditioning feels good!
Door shut, locked and key thrown away never to be found again. It left me feeling like I did something wrong and only after weeks of self destruction, I realized it was his loss not mine. And I can’t leave out all the random creepers online who reached out their hands with offerings of truck shows, shooting ranges and pig skinning.
deal of pain from major back surgeries, but my son fixed
I just know we have to do what so many of us do...pick ourselves up and move forward. That is what parents of sick children do..whatever it takes.
First, Tanaka’s first title win…
tumbling head over heels. He sits up and sees a
I don’t think the public really know who UKIP are… ‘Anti-Europe’, sure that sounds good on the face of it, but in my opinion, Europe has done more good than bad. The Maastricht Treaty outlined The Social Chapter allowing equality for all workers, whether you’re a man or woman, part-time or full-time, black or white. Is pulling out of the EU really a good thing? No, not really…
ELICIA BERGER is a freelance writer, editor, and storyteller. By day, she writes smart-sounding things for the United Nations and the Huffington Post. By night, she spews her various neuroses onto the page to delight and appall readers and audiences alike. She can be seen performing in various storytelling shows throughout the city such as RISK!, TOLD, and The Liar Show. To learn about Elicia's upcoming shows, check her out at eliciaberger.com.
“There is no way that you washed your hair. It is filthy!”
I looked back at the girl wondering where I had seen her before.
when she shakes her tail
Drop a compliment now and then to make the abuser feel good about him/herself.
This article does not suggest that our post office branch will be closed. But with our branch having been up for sale for a year or more, and knowing that the USPS is looking at closing maybe thousands of locations, it is fair to ask whether our branch could be one of them. Our mail carrier, who works out of that branch, indicated that there seems to be a concern at that branch that if it can’t be sold, the building will be closed. Revenues apparently might not justify keeping it open, or so goes the thinking.
When I make cornbread I use some silken tofu and some egg replacer. If it’s just egg replacer the cornbread is not as fluffy and creamy. If I just use silken tofu the cornbread just falls apart. So, I use half of each. It works very well!
Exploring brewing traditions in Wales as part of the "housewife's duties". And celebrating Otley Brewery's past, present and future with the launch of "Oxymoron". Including a few good slurps of light ales and traditional bitters, including past winners of the Champion Beer of Wales.
I often ask the group to start by spending a few minutes quickly noting their immediate impressions of the art, before we discuss it or look at related poems. In this instance, hardly anyone had seen the show before the session, so I wanted them to have a chance to respond to the maps while they were still in the grip of that overwhelming awe and freshness I remembered when I first walked into the room and was surrounded by the colours of the world.
I will be putting 'photo organisation' on my To-Do list. How do you organise in your computer? Sorry no pic today- I think a photo of my computer would be way too boring :-)
Or maybe it's called: ***M I X X H I G H B L I $ $ H E E L S P O L I S H E D F E R T I L I T Y B E L I E V E S
So while it no longer makes sense to be short bonds (as Gross has figured out the hard way), what makes sense is to be very, very long duration, since this is what the Fed will be buying in Operation Twist/Torque. Enter Exhibit A – the chart of maturity/distribution of PIMCO holdings, of which most notable is the explosion in average holding duration, which from 4.56 in July, has soared to 6.27 in August, the highest since 6.23 in October, and possibly the highest on record (that said our records only go back to 2007). As part of this expansion, Gross has seen his Mortgage Securities soar to $78.5 billion, the highest since February, when Gross was actively reducing his MBS holding profile, and now is doing the opposite, and is accumulating Agency paper hand over fist in an attempt to extend duration. Bottom line: Pimco is now balls to the wall in the QE3 camp, first to be manifested by Operation Twist, and then, likely by outright Large Scale Asset Purchases. Look for numerous other copycat investors to expand the duration of their fixed income holdings from 4-5 to over 6.
Okay, onto my opinions on the individual items themselves. The two products Dayspring sent me for this review were the
The dude who bestowed upon the Weihenstephaner brewery the right to sell beer was none other than the King of the day, Wenceslas. As in ‘Good King Wenceslas’. As in ‘Good King Wenceslas looked out, on the Feast of Stephen’ – you know, the Christmas Carol? When he was looking out he was probably downing a large glass of Hefe Weissbier or maybe a Bayerisch Tradition or even a hoppy Pilsner*. Next Christmas when the kids start singing that one, smile knowingly and raise a glass to the church song about beer. Cool.
Age: Dosen’t say but is beleived to be 24.
In these days I'm feeling a bit worried about a friend of mine who lives in Japan and I haven't been talking with him for 2 years. Maybe this summer I will go to Tokyo so I may see him, I'm quite scared of going to Japan alone but for a friend I will do it.
Last night, I took Kade to a local gym for his weekly tumbling class. He loves everything about going - the instructors, the activities, the exercise, and yes, the structure. The most important thing for me is watching him enjoy himself as he throws all of his attention and energy into learning and working. It is a joy to behold.
The Peanut Butter Solution 1985 Hollywood Movie Watch Online : Megavideo Link : Alternative Link :
I am honored to be a Guest Designer for Hambo Stamps today! I’ve adored their images, especially their pig images as I am a big pig lover. So of course I had to pick a pig image to make a card with.
Auntie Heather, gave the kids some super cute hats. Usually I am not the type to put huge hats/bows on kids for photo ops but, for serious, how could I resists this cuteness. I love the hats, and my baby. All things must be cuter when it involves your own kid :)
“Duh. Natasha is pregnant. No drinks for her,” I’d tell Chef. This started the joke where every time I mention the progress of my sister’s pregnancy, Chef asks, “Natasha is still pregnant?”
A super simple and colourful summer wreath.
You see, if we look at the verse quoted above, we see that “God gave Himself absolutely.” When we abandon ourselves, we do the same for him, with no calculations. No, I have not reached this point yet. I don’t think I’m even close. But I’m reaching for it.
Last week there was a big controversy over the fact that some stores in NY were caught destroying unsold garments rather than donating them to charities. After people got upset, the main store in question, H&M promised that this wouldn't happen again. This week there is a related, but somewhat different story, as the NY Police have admitted to shredding and burning the counterfeit clothes they've confiscated, rather than giving them to the homeless, as had always been done in the past. When asked to explain why, the police claimed "no one asked" for the confiscated clothing -- but many charities insist they had, in fact, made many requests for the clothing. Apparently, the destruction is being felt at clothing banks, who say they have many fewer clothes on hand this year than in the past.
Oh no sir-ee! This lass couldn't pop online and purchase said doll from some gorgeous and super experienced doll making soul from etsy or other land of crafty goodness.Oh no no no! I like to torture myself with endeavours that will no doubt illicit a cacophony of very colourful language before the end. Me Own Serf!!!
5) my parents are itching to leave the state and are growing more eager everyday
4 So the young man, even the young man the prophet, went to Ramoth–gilead.
Majority of the white people in Europe have abandoned Catholicism due to which even on Sundays the churches in Europe are almost empty; instead of bothering about religious conversion activities in Asia &
Brodhead, meanwhile, met with an unspecified number of professors from the African-American Studies department. Participants in that meeting have refused requests from me to divulge contents of their discussion, but it seems inconceivable that the professors did not mention the pending release of the Group of 88’s statement. That document would appear on April 6.
1. This is our year.
Routed to the filter cutoff, this creates a classic bubbly synth sound. Better synths have more than one LFO. Really good ones have two or three per note.
On this day in 1800 the United States Library of Congress is established, with the then president John Adams, signing legislation for $5000 US to purchase the first books for the library.
Anyway, today I thought I'd share with you some pics I took of some roses I brought in
Excellent spy-thriller plot
“You’ll miss me a lot more if I get sucked up in a tornado!” Chantal exclaimed, returning to her feet. She swiftly made way across her large bedroom to stop the movie. Tuning to the weather channel, Chantal froze in her tracks.
In the dictionary, worldview is defined as “A particular philosophy of life or conception of the world”. Our goal, then, is to help our kids develop a worldview that is Christ-centered, or a Christian worldview. We want them to journey forth with a Scriptural mindset, so that they will not only not be surprised by the state of the world, they will be prepared to address it with Scriptural solutions. How is this accomplished?
And the cases of autism (never mind the adult population, which I typically don’t narrow down statistics) are probably much higher than bipolar disorder. Never mind in a few cases I’d assume, the disorder has its own form of depression thans to the liberals getting away of identity theft of replacing a person with the name of autism. Instead of “Joey” being “Joey”, after a liberal jerk gave him his disorder now Joey is “Autism” or “Joey suffers with Autism”. (I’m trying to explain that in an idiom form, but I hope you get what I mean.)
So I’m going to base my initial draft of the series on Shaw’s article, along with my own elaborations thereof. But I’m hoping that by publishing the series here, I might be presented with some additional resources to consider and arguments to address. That way, I can expand on what I initially say and build a fairly comprehensive database of arguments for and against cryonic suspension.
Typically the word BlackBerry offers turn into quite symbolic of prime mobile handsets and even it is not your delight to recognize the fact that the most recent cellular that is set that come in the Blackberry mobile phones secure can also be some sort of top quality mobile phone. This particular after speculation pointed out which Bb will be gunning about generate this Bb Monaco Touch, which can be not necessarily the particular BlackBerry Torch 9800 which were started a short while ago. Preferably, it’s a great a lot more high quality appearance to barefoot as a consequence of the polished complete and even modern style and design. That smartphone is about to tug any crowds of people around the Cell phone Globe Congress, which can be established that will bring area located at Barcelona with February.
According to a recent report in the New York Times, investors from China are “snapping up luxury apartments” and are planning to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on commercial and residential projects like Atlantic Yards in Brooklyn. Chinese companies also have signed major leases at the Empire State Building and at 1 World Trade Center, the report said.
Now the war begins with the binky.. but don't you worry we are going to be getting rid of it! No doubt about it!
Before I get to the main topic, please note the new photo feature to the right, Book of the Week. Young Lila will be making the choices without my assistance (except to open the barrister cases), so expect some very youthful, non-crime oriented titles to appear occasionally. But for her first choice, she opted for the aptly named SMALL CRIMES, by Dave Zeltserman. Click here for Corey's review of this terrific noir novel.
We learn that one day, somewhere in the Cevennes, a group of Huguenots had gathered, and the preacher was already engaged in marrying four young couples when the dreaded French Dragoons appeared on the scene. Many of the Huguenots succeeded in escaping, but two of the bridal couples were apprehended. In the nearest town they were given the choice: “Become Roman Catholics or die at the stake!” but, undaunted, they refused to recant their Huguenot convictions.
I've been cleaning a lot these past few days. It is the winter purge of sorts...holidays are over, and it's time to make every thing fresh, fresh clean. Trust me, cleaning isn't my favorite past time, but at least it has been somewhat enjoyable thanks to Clean Peace organic cleaning products.
The movie was meh. Very predictable, and, even fashion-challenged moi can spot a Patricia Fields-costumed outfit from a mile away. (I'm a little tired of them, frankly.)
the Larkspur and the Water Lily
But I still want to keep my paddle.
Anxiolytic-antidepressant activity of Withania somnifera glycowithanolides: an experimental study.
Busy week around these here parts...so it's always fun to come and check out all the inspiring links...
While you bury your head in the sand and go through life thinking "everything will be alright in the end" and there isn't any threat to this country, others like the EDL, will fight for our way of life....even yours!
It’s always nice to see guests arriving and greeting the groom, it was lovely to see just how pleased everyone was for the happy couple. Watching the look on Tony’s face as he waited for his bride it was clear to see the love they share. Their infectious happiness that refused to be dampened by the rain (pardon the pun) was the perfect example of how a positive attitude can overcome any weather conditions, we even managed to pinch 15 minutes outside for a few group shots!
The In-store was just off the back of their show at Lovebox Festival earlier that day. I’m sure that the full electronic performance at Lovebox was great, but what they did at Rough Trade on Brick Lane was just special. They had stripped back all the electronics and the five piece band had more maracas than you could shake a maraca at, simply wired keyboards and multiple vocalists achieving their lovely sound. Most of the tracks they played were of a lounge-jazz persuasion but it came out brilliantly. Obviously in a record store no one is going to be jumping around like mad so this laid back performance was perfect and it really eschued the talented musicians that Ernest Greene has assembled. They played a couple of tracks from the new album including Eyes be Closed and they also played some of their best from the first two albums; notably Feel It All Around and New Theory. Speaking to the bassist and the super-cool headdress-wearing keyboard player afterwards (who wanted to go riding around on Boris Bikes!) they said they thought that it went better than the performance at Lovebox. Really great, really special and you should have been there. Did I mention it was free?
1 residence
Deep in the backwoods of North Dakota, Sarah Ross is searching for a missing child when she is attacked by a glowing-eyed, transparent creature.
I know, you have said it three times already.
1) When they tell you that you have to have a colonoscopy, tell them "No."
In Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, the prince had no actual name.
The other scene that ushers Once Bitten into the uncrowded realm of the masterpiece was the Halloween dance sequence to the strains of "Hands Off" by Maria Vidal. Now, Jim Carrey and Lauren Hutton have already proven their merit in the film: Jim's physicality during the showdown in the clothing store change room and Lauren in the seduction scene of Jim at her palatial home. So I wasn't shocked by their flair on the dancefloor. I was, on the other hand, completely taken aback by the sheer foxiness displayed by Karen Kopins as Mark's frigid girlfriend, Robin Pierce. You see, up until then she was bland and mousey (and not in a hot librarian kinda way). But when she sees that a forty-something vampire, her long legs encased in black pantyhose, is making an aggressive play for her suddenly Goth boyfriend, the previously dowdy Robin unleashes a firestorm of sexual artistry and taupe pantyhose at the grievous state of affairs, and begins to thrust and contort her previously unused organic structure in all sorts of arousing directions.
Writers : Vojtech Jasný, Andrée Pelletier
The film is mostly situated in Auma’s home village Kogelo, near Lake Victoria in Kenya during the days before and during the election ceremony in the US.
Is there another character who deserves a mention? Sweet little Crow, who is one talented young girl. But my favourite character is Edie - such a nerd, and puts her foot in it, but like Nnnie she has a big heart and does all she can for Crow, which Jenny can't always do as she's away so much.
Occupy Grandma's house.
Topbox makes their packaging as small as possible to be as earth-friendly as possible!
The latest version numbers are:
Wednesday is going to be Eight-Track Tape Day, Barbershop Quartet Day (Noooo.......), International "Louie Louie" Day and National Cheese Fondue Day.
Going back to work after a beautiful long break makes everything seem so...I don't know...serious? Painstaking. Tiring. You name it. I'm quite frankly still adjusting to sleeping in so much over break. Not going to lie. It got excessive. 9:30 exessive. Even 10:00 exessive. Oops. :P
not seen before, I won't have her back,
El 7 de junio de 1976, Bobby moriría de un ataque al corazón en Chatham (Massachussets). Al año siguiente, Jack Bradley (ex manager de Hackett y amigo íntimo) preguntó a Gordon Brooks, líder de The Clam Shack Serenaders, si podía tocar un solo de corneta junto a la tumba de Bobby, algo que desde entonces Gordon repetiría en el cementerio de Chatham cada 7 de junio.
They say the mark of a true writer is someone who writes everyday. Anywhere. Anytime. Thank goodness I never made that claim. I love to write. Sometimes. It can be cathartic. Cleansing. Freeing. But sometimes it is like picking at a scab that is not quite yet healed underneath.
10. Alcoholic Blues (E. Laska-A. Von Tilzer) 2:45
i need more coffee
That "solem" and "solum" after some centuries by some so called sound laws were both pronounced "sol" - or would have been if both survived so far - is pretty certain. But two words merging into one is precisely a loss of information. There are sentences where the merger makes for confusion. And that is why "sol from solem" was replaced by a derivative from "soliculum" - literally "little sun" - which is now written "soleil".
always single out the backdoor
Paper: Whisper White, Early Espresso, Poppy Parade, MME- "Just Dreamy 2"
Natasha Morgan
Here are the rest of the ATC's I traded for:
For instance, “My Baby Makes Me Gravy” is a happy song of good country cookin’ and sex. “Drive Drive Drive” sounds a lot like Cash’s “Cry Cry Cry,” and “Gothenburg Train” has the feel of a classic train song.
The Duke and Duchess were married in June of 1937, in France. An ill-advised trip to Germany after their marriage led them to be suspected of being pro-German. The Duchess was even plagued by rumors that while they were in France before the Germans invaded, she had passed confidential information onto the Germans, through a German lover. During the war, the Duke was appointed Governor of the Bahamas, where George IV felt that he could do the least damange. Wallis bitterly referred to the island as their “Helena,” a reference to the island that Napoleon was exiled to after his defeat in the Battle of Waterloo.
A few interviews (3-5) will be conducted within a small room, using appropriate recording equipment (microphone, camera) to ensure a high quality of sound and moving image. On the other hand a couple of vox pops will be conducted with my smart phone (SAMSUNG Galaxy S2) on the event day. This is necessary due to the high pace of the day and the lack of time and willingness of participants to engage in a professionally executed and longer lasting interview.
I’m home tonight. It took me quite a while to figure out how I wanted my blog to look (ms. perfectionist as one of my inspirations would say) but I finally decided to just be satisfied with it I can always change it later. My dog sits on the couch currently on my mother’s lap. She wants to go to bed and we will soon. I take sleep meds and unfortunantly this limits my late night activity time. However, in the meantime Shona is looking me with pitiful, sleep filled brown eyes.
And the twelfth strand of DNA is held by the pure white Selenite or Quartz crystals and vibrates to the number four as well. This is where you come to the end of cycles; wherever you are faced with a life changing experience, the crossroads so to speak, know that you are working with twelfth strand DNA issues. This is where the soul steps in, where spirit takes over and you can call it fate, you can call it destiny and it takes you where you must be. It is like everything becomes completely out of your control and the only choice that you have is to surrender, you can carry on and fight it if you want to but you will get tired. So it is rather to surrender to it.
14. What is your mom's favorite food? "carbohydrates"
Nevertheless, it seems to me that for the last 50 years, the American Jewish community, particularly through its organized expression, has been drawing down its credit through massive entries on the debit side, just as American blacks have since the 60s. I no longer care how many Jewish doctors save lives, Jewish scientists discover new particles and Jewish violinists provide transporting experiences, when Jews are at the spearhead of every corrosive movement turning the United States into a slipshod third world Babel of the equally ignorant yahoos brimming with self-esteem but disdaining whitey, his Constitution and his Shakespeare.
Ladies, you’re welcome to enter this contest too. You could enter “for a friend.”
The above monstrosity is the one that I had. Unlike the My Pet Monster, his nose looked like a cherry tomato as opposed to a pickle, and he was also a hand-puppet. And finally, what list would be complete without...
The hotel we stayed at was Marriott Copley Place Boston in the section of town known as the Back Bay. The Back Bay is a busy area of downtown Boston. Nearby landmarks include the Prudential Center, the Boston Public Library, and the John Hancock Tower.
A rally in downtown Damascus earlier this month. (Khaled Al Hariri / Courtesy Reuters)
So what can be done?
Q039) What do you do to get confidence?
“Girl please, if she was going to get pregnant, a scandalous top is not going to be the blame.”
Finals ended last Thursday, and since then, other than having coffee with Isaac on Friday night, service at church and dinner with the cell group on Saturday evening, I haven’t been out at all. No, I have not watched a single movie in the cinemas, nor have I gone shopping, nor have I had the luxury of just hanging around doing nothing in a shopping mall yet.
Born: 12/17/1781
Meerkat
I love having a yellow cardigan, and this one is the nicest quality of all the ones I've owned over the years. It's Club Monaco and is a wool blend, so no pilling or fuzziness to it. I like the deep V-neck as well. It was $16.98 on consignment last month.
:: And I find it oddly fitting that I, completely by accident, managed to tell everyone to fuck off and leave me the fuck alone in my 300th post. Ah Universe, you wily creature you.
Do you call your child by every other name in the family but his or her own, the list of names including the dogs, the goldfish, and the neighbor’s cat?
A Gentleman Says “I Do” by Amelia Gray
1 12-ounce bag semi-sweet chocolate chips
Denise: I don’t get to write every day, but I dedicate my Sunday mornings or more to writing. Oh, I have on occasion managed to write 10,000 words in a day. I tune the world out and focus. I usually do that when I get to the end of a book and want to get to that finish line.
Discipline's key words are dedication, training, work, skill. The message is to learn with an open heart and to set my standards high. I am returning to work in a very part-time role at the end of this month, it's a role that is newish to me and I am looking forward to the mental stimulation and challenge. Work has taken a huge backward step the past few years, it's time to put it back on the agenda.
Any claim to the superiority of faith over evidence and reason can’t be disproven by evidence and reason. This is why—in the short term anyway—atheists can only reach believers who are susceptible to rational argument. True believers literally don’t care about evidence and reason (although they might use it in an attempt to persuade the ignorant). For example, if it were possible to prove conclusively that the entire Bible was written by some prankster, it wouldn’t matter in the least to them. They would just say, “That was how God chose to bring us his word,” or, “God allowed Satan to create false evidence in order to test the faithful.” Afterwards, they would believe even more strongly than before. Faith isn’t just belief in the absence of evidence; faith is belief despite the evidence.
Just when I thought I had seen it all from Todd Bentley and friends, here is the latest DVD series from John Crowder…Supernatural phenomena discussed on this teaching set include:
Black Pudding began to trotter off into a half-way point. As he did so, he shouted out one last word of encouragement to the Mod dogs.
What is your favorite vacation spot? Affordable or not…
Soft to the touch yet sturdy, Stamp School felt is a medium-weight 100% merino wool, imported from Holland. Be forewarned, once you craft with it you'll have a hard time ever going back to a blend or acrylic. Approximately 14oz. per linear yard (36x72 inches) and 1mm thick, almost 1/16 inch. Our felt is not flammable, and safe for babies and children.
(end of Wolfe statement)
The response at Leech Lake is, “Yeah, we may not have millions of dollars for golf courses and lincolns, but our kids speak our tribal language and that’s worth a lot more.” The language and the lifeways it embodies, that which makes Indians different from Americans, is what matters most to many. While a large part of life on the rez is still about survival, Treuer also sees it as a fight to stay different, to stay tribal, to prevent Indians from becoming “the worse kind of Americans” concerned only with mainstream success. Either way, whether fighting for economic independence or fighting to keep what they have, it is always a struggle. As Lorena from Red Lake points out, “’They get mad at us for being poor, and then when some folk do all right, they get mad at us for being rich.’”
The death of an authority like R. Yehudah HaNasi certainly would not happen without some attention, which is reflected in the two accounts presented for us in the Babylonian and Palestine Talmud. Both accounts give an interesting understanding of how the news of his death was accepted (or not accepted), his role and significance among the Jews of his time, as well as how later authorities viewed him, since though the accounts are prescribed his immediate surroundings, I would expect the written and presented accounts to be much later, and thus have changed in some regards, though these might not be so obvious.
Add some sheet music that has been torn on the edges.
ice cold watermelon
Maqluba is a famous Arabic dish, specially a Palestinian dish, it's often pronounced as Maalouba or Maglouba, it's an Arabic name which means (upside-down) because it's served upside-down, the main ingredients in this dish are rice, cooked meat and fried eggplant, and it could be made with any kind of meat like chicken, lamb, or beef, and also any kind of fried vegetable with or without eggplant, like potatoes, cauliflower, or carrots. This dish is really valuable and really delicious. We first cook the meat, and fry the vegetables, then start cooking the dish.
At the end of the book there is an additional section, ‘The Music of the Seals’, in which Thomson talks about the many songs that have been written about the seals, the most famous of which is probably ‘The Grey Selchie of Sule Skerrie’ which Thomson incorrectly states was first written down in 1938 by one Dr Otto Andersson, who had heard the song sung on the island of Flotta by a man called John Sinclair. It appears, however, that the words at least had been written down long before that, by F.W.L. Thomas, a Captain in the Royal Navy, from the dictation of a "venerable lady of Snarra Voe, Shetland." He published it in 1852, and Francis Child included it in The English and Scottish Popular Ballads as number 113. Thomas didn't note any melody, but remarked that it was “sung to a tune sufficiently melancholy to express the surprise and sorrow of the deluded mother of the Phocine babe.” The original pentatonic tune is no longer used. I’ll leave you with The Corries performing their version. There’s a wee bit of preamble but it’s worth waiting for the music – quite, quite haunting. Judy Collins also recorded the song and you can hear her interpretation here. Her vocals are cleaner but I prefer the Corries.
I remember when my babies were born I would hold them and stare at them for hours. I would study every facet of their face every day. It was such a joyous time to bond with them and appreciate every miraculous thing about them. They were beautiful, amazing little beings and I could stare at them forever.
ochre moss in laced stars
We need to realise that as advertisers, we are no longer initiating the conversation with consumers – we are trying to become part of the conversation that these people are already having with each other.
I’m afraid of failure. I’ve wanted so many things in my life. I’ve had so many goals and aspirations. I’ve started so many projects, degrees, etc. I feel like I’ve failed in most of those things that I started so long ago. It’s a work in progress, so am I. I want so bad to feel better, make something of myself, feel important, let others know I can contribute a great deal to life and society. I’m afraid sometimes, that I’ll never be any of those things.
Jose Espinal, 31
Get a feel for shifting gears with your bike. The higher gears are harder to pedal and will go faster while the lower gears are easier to pedal and will help you ascend hills. As you get to steeper hills, its best to shift before you get to the hill rather than while your on it.
ECO Canada estimates there will be 100,000 environmental job vacancies over the next decade due to retirement. “The environmental sector is growing at a very rapid rate,” says Kevin. “It’s growing on average faster than the Canadian economy.”
You don’t know what’s going to come up and that’s cool.
that was only found in my imagination.
When I left the Philippines to live in England, my two younger brothers were only just so tall … they were little boys. I visited Manila only a year later and who should open the door to my family home but a young man. It took me a long minute to realize that it was one of my brothers, grown tall in the months that I’d been away.
His decision should be based on several factors:
10. Because I have a right to the truth, I will not bear false witness nor will I stand idly by as others do.
too waterworded,
SO when asked the week prior to Christmas what she wanted, I thought hmmm what haven't I told anyone...? Ah- ha - PIXEL CHIX! So I happily told someone yep, that would be an "it gift" as we call them.
My friends, when not in dope, I see the whole world in dope,
The question is, did it have to be that way? The perhaps surprising but surely exciting answer is no.
Published by The Bubble, 11/11/11
Well, it's not something I would ever do, just interesting facts I suppose!
Where breath most breathes, even in the mouths of men.
4 gradually
When no one got arrested after the banking crisis, the government basically said, "The Rule of Law does not apply to banker, stock brokers, and people who work at insurance companies. Laws only apply to poor people."
There is nothing essentially revealing in this story about the Chinese government’s crackdown on dissidents and censorship of the Internet. The history of such recent abuses dates back to Tiananmen Square.
Finally, a new textbook store called iBooks 2, also a free app, will feature digital e-books for schools.
what team anna is facing is not a personal vendetta , this is how every common man who fights corruption is treated by corrupt officials and politicians in India.
All turns from the blinking traffic
Also on display was a bottle of the vodka “Absolute Brooklyn,” showing how advertisers have begun using Brooklyn in branding products.
The Boy had not heard this song before, and we slow-danced in our pj's to it. I nuzzled his neck. Margo Timmins has such a sexy voice.
That might be excused as the act of a man having a political near death experience, but it seems that it’s the new reality in Conservative messaging.
My garden runneth over, with zucchini. I've made zucchini bread a few times already, and while we all like zucchini bread a lot, we are getting a little tired of the same ol' same ol'. Mr. Boom and Chirp-chirp refuse to eat fried zucchini, no matter how much Parmesan cheese is melted over the top, so I'm trying to find new ways to use up the squash.
I know, another polish related post. I swear I'll have something different tomorrow (June faves, perhaps) but I caught up with some swatching over the weekend (15 bottles and still a bunch I didn't get to...) and I figured it would be best to get to these before they are completely irrelevant. If you follow polish, you've probably already seen these or at least know how often new shades and collections are introduced. It can be a bit dizzying. I keep up with new shades and what not, but I don't always purchase more than one or two (or any a lot of the time.) That said, I was browsing Amazon and saw this little mini set and thought I'd give this collection a try.
The City and Port Authority claim that aviation safety demands the birds be killed, but ignore the very fact that cities worldwide deal with the problem of birds near airports without exterminating them. The problem of birds colliding with engines is real, but can be dealt with by employing a range of methods, including radar detection, currently not in use in NYC’s airports.
Herbert Doe is listed as Project Manager. Project Advisors, General Counsel has two of Idema’s lawyers - William London III (Isabeau Dakota) and John Edwards Tiffany (STAR Air) listed. Jack Idema is solely responsible for this 74 page grant submission, dated April 21, 2009. Each section would be given five thousand dollars towards their repairs. And each section had a year to complete their end of the agreement after receiving the money. As it always turns out with everything Idema is involved with, it became a nightmare. Herbert Doe worked non-stop to get all these repairs completed, but of course, Idema was never satisfied. He would change his mind constantly and never settle on one idea at a time. He would argue about the price, the materials needed, when it would be done, how he wanted it done and then would completely "forget" the conversations with the individuals involved in them the next day.
“Anyway, so there are nine different woods. Willow, hazel, alder, birch, ash, yew, elm, and oak.”
I can't see you with my head tipped back but again I hear the smile in your voice. "Good girl. Now spread your legs just a little for the nice man."
Your driver needs a cigarette to steel his nerves driving through Boston traffic. In other words, your chemicals need to be stored in the bus storage bin before you board. He is also listening to a close Red Sox-Yankees game on the radio, so respect his nerves.
A vision revealed nearly 34 years ago. A hope kindled. A promise sealed by His very Presence in my life. The thread woven through the searching, through heartache, through the births of six children and the loss of three more, through hard lessons revealing who I am and whose I am in ways that I could never have imagined.
Searchlight is able to maximise the opportunities for both the funding, and for the dissemination, of its hatemongering efforts.
This, however, is not what the proposed amendment to the Employment Equity Act says. Now the general secretary of the ANC, Mr Gwede Mantashe, has weighed in to the effect that national companies will have to use national demographics and provincially-based companies provincial demographics. This is the opposite of the flexibility of which Mr Zuma speaks.
Her action scene comes at the start of the movie. At a SHIELD facility where Er. Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgård) is working on the Tesseract, the cosmic cube flips out, Loki shows up, turns Hawkeye and Selvig into mind-controlled puppets, and steals the Tesseract as the SHIELD facility start collapsing. Just prior to Loki showing up, Fury sends Hill off to another part of the facility, so she’s not there for all the fun, but then when Hawkeye is driving the getaway vehicle, Hill shows back up to have a car chase down a tunnel.
PS. As far as I know I don't have many Christian-fundamentalists who want a Christian State type readers. As I was standing up for the constitutional rights of a woman who is alleged to have provided women for prostitution I suspect there is a fracture line there. I did not see that in comments or emails received.
When your text arrives, my heart leaps. Adrenalin courses through my body. I have a text message. I must must must respond. Even thinking about response distracts my attention from the task at hand, often one I’m being paid to do and which affects other people’s health and safety.
-Brandon-
16 European Stage - Subterranean Wait
Why wouldn’t do this now? Why should I wait for the end?
No Technology: I don’t see the harm, personally in not getting them gadgets besides that possibly their friends would all have one and if they’re googling crap for school they’re going to need a computer..
First, trying to reverse a negative with a negative will never work. When you’re looking at you weight and you’re thinking and feeling, “I’m so over weight” all you’re doing is acknowledging the fat cells. However, just saying “I’m so slim and beautiful” won’t work either. Because deep down you’re lying to yourself. And most of us with any moral compass will sense the lie on a cellular level.It’s still a negative statement.
I live in a house with teen girls, so for the last few years I’ve been inundated with Taylor Swift. Swift has a rather clever tune entitled “Our Song”, where she describes what comprises the soundtrack of her romance. Their soundtrack isn’t a particular song, but it’s the slamming screen door when they run out for a date, or the way he laughs, or the whispered phone calls late at night. These things encapsulate their relationship.
19. Null - "Wall of Silence"
6. In what kinds of stories/articles that appear in newspapers is it not OK to give some sort of opinion? Name two kinds of writing in newspapers where the writer should give an opinion.
Dry time and application were both a breeze, basically a very fuss-free DIY manicure. It says Suede polishes are not likely to last as long as original formulas, but I this only started to chip after the 5-day mark, which is just a day short of the usual, so I don’t really see the problem. I’ve seen pictures of how gorgeous Suede polishes look with topcoat on, so I’ll be sure to try that out next time!! lol.. kinda defeats the purpose of Suede, but what the heck..
It’s all in the details. Both editors and designers must have a keen eye for specifics. Picking up on the small things that count is an ability treasured in both fields, and one that can dictate either failure or success.
Is that what you want?
Then today (Monday) happened. I currently feel like Brandy is a bitch. Also a part of her Tuesday talk was that she wanted weekly updates about what I accomplished for the week and what I planned to do for the following week. I don't think this is unreasonable in itself, but the fact that she's all the sudden implementing it right after I come back from working at home, after I've been working for her for 2 and a half years, is suspicious and upsetting. Well, today she reminded me about sending it to her, which I did. She responded by saying I didn't do much work for the first 3 days I was back and to please do more work in the future. There is a lot of work to be done, etc. I told her that I was sorry and realized I didn't do that much work but to please understand I'm grieving, that was my first 3 days back, and my work is picking up this week. She then responded by saying that she understands I'm grieving (though she clearly has no idea what grief is) and it's not a big deal since my work is picking up, but if I'm coming to work and getting paid then I need to be working and if I'm not, that's a problem. Now things are completely awkward between us.
The rest of the week, I am going to highlight what I did to pull together my little dude's party. I am so excited to share and hope to see you back here tomorrow for Pinata Making 101 - Mario Style.
The first ‘chapter’ is called the Prologue (which means it isn’t actually a ‘chapter’ but whatever). It takes place back in the day when Stormwind had just finished being rebuilt (which I say happened in Year 20. Nothing seems to be entirely clear on that). Creme is a young girl, around 5 or so, and her mother, Elise, is taking her to Stormwind to the planned celebration/collection of payment for the workers (Elise is collecting her late-husband’s wages). However, things end up badly when the workers learn there is no payment and riots begin. Elise is killed in these riots, leading off to a very depressing start.
Visit Jen for more flashbacks.
19) Do you always have to look this good?! You are driving me bananas! +
The packaging on this doesn't lie. It literally dries your polish in less than a minute! I usually paint my nails and give them about an hour to set on their own, then swipe a coat of this over them and ta-da! Dry nails! It leaves them nice and shiny and pretty too... and it helps your polish last for days. I'm not even kidding you - my nails have stayed shiny and unchipped for a good 5 days. No idea what is in this stuff, but it's basically the best ever.
She shrugged. “He left early this morning, but I don’t know where to. He didn’t leave a note.”
The PRC sales assistant was devastated by the remark, writing that his brain was about to ‘explode’:
Those who blog very personal things: Look some of us choose to share very personal stories on our blogs too and you may not think it’s appropriate, but when someone tells you something that’s bugging them do you say “hey, why don’t you spare me the details and get a diary!!”? I think not, so if you come across something personal and don’t really want to know more by all means please find the close tab/window button and move on… I have learnt many things from others’ blogs and their experiences mostly because they are filled with raw emotions and I’m grateful that they shared that with me and the world.
Let's get this show on the road now shall we?
Rookie Craig Smith has had a good mixture of awesome and complete atrocious moments, but the boy is a good hockey player all around. Craig averaged 14 goals and 22 assists in the 2011-12 season, which is pretty impressive for a rookie. Craig hasn’t seen much ice time during the playoffs thus far, but has managed to sneak in an assist so far. However, Smith is a speedster and has proven by showing a little aggression out on the ice, both attributes the Predators could use at this time in the series.
WHITEVILLE, TN 38075
Enjoy meditating for its own sake.
1 continuous
I had some people ask how to make pasta at home.
By the time Anita Leslie wrote a biography of her great aunt in 1969, a letter had surfaced that Jennie wrote to her mother on Jan. 9, 1888. It says, “Do you know that it is my birthday today? 34!!! I think for the future that I will not proclaim my age…” If there’s one person you can’t lie to about your age, it’s your mother.
I love to use rocks to teach the five senses. I know that you're probably thinking, "You can only teach 4 senses with rocks. You can't taste them!" If that's what your thinking then you're wrong! I'll get to the taste part later in this post.
Imagine if women truly believed they were useless? Imagine if a lack of soda pop really made you feel ostracized as a teenager? Imagine if you started smoking cigarettes to make you feel fit and healthy and cool?
Our very kind sponsors are ~
AMUNDSON DE, WEISS PJ. Pneumonia in military recruits. Mil Med 1994; 159: 629-631.
No, I don’t wanna see my Mumma cry
Jane Austen:
What could drive Nintendo to actually bring Mother to the west?
After a delicious meal, Carla, Sarah, Amir and I decided to trek up to Scenic Drive to see fireworks over teh city. We figured by going to a high spot, we'd see at least one show. Nope. We saw some fireworks from New Mexico on the horizon, but they were about an inch big from where we were sitting. The fireworks we waited almost an hour for had been set off about 15 minutes before we arrived so we went home only dreaming of fireworks. I created my own picture of what they could have looked like had we executed our fireworks plan better....
OK confession time. And this is kind of odd. One of the things I really really enjoy is writing a sternly-worded letter to a manager or customer service representative if I think something sucks or is ridiculous. And yesterday I was able to fulfill just that delight.
It's been 10 months since I quit the ol' advertising job where I had to consistently think up rebranding strategies. Since then, instead of running around the office like a nut bar, I've been running around the world like a nut bar. You got a tourist attraction? I'll be there. How about hours of urban hiking all around your city? I'll do it twice. You've got a train departing every hour on the hour and all I've got is time? I'll take the 7 a.m.
I also realised that the dream I’d been having was quite strange (I was selling jewellery on a stall at my old school, but all the customers were really gobby and kept telling me how rude I was. Strange. Though not as strange as waking up yesterday morning and the first thing Rob saying to me being “takes it up the Dusseldorf”. He then explained this opening gambit had been a product of me talking to him about Germany. Which I hadn’t. He does have very vivid dreams, that boy.)
The trick, I'm told is to just take it slow at first because the slower you go, the faster you will eventually become.
Of all the miserable specimens on this planet, no category repels me quite so much as those parasites involved with the great renewables boondoggle.
friends who testified to me about the huge impact Bush's music had
Happy days!
The Intro to WVIHOP internship is an 8 week program, only 10 hours a week for those wanting to learn and experience what happens at the WVIHOP Missions Base through the dates of June 4-August 3. Interns will learn the heartbeat of the Missions Base…Prayer, Justice, Worship, Intimacy with God, Urgency, and Compassion. It costs $120 and is due by May 28. Contact Robin Puerner at robin@wvihop.com
After 13 tracks, we finally hear George's beautiful baritone voice on lead. It bops on with a lovable rockabilly swagger. It sounds like they're having a Hell of a good time, too, but they also sound worn out...like this last song on the album might have even been the last one they recorded for it. Still, a memorable performance, plenty of that marvelous echo that I love on the vocals.
To which BigD has to add his 2 cents, " YEAH, cuz licking people is gross!"
I wrote back, referring Gross to Mr. Williams' website, and asking again for the name of the contest, the names of the other judges, and documentation of his experience. I wasn't entirely surprised when I didn't hear back. In fact, I never heard from Gross again.
Nazi leaders named Adolf
CONTRIBUTORS to Speak Now: Australian perspectives on same-sex marriage (from the 'Contributors' section of the book)
TOMMY’S RESPONSE:
IF government had been doing its job we would not need the IRS (it’s a private for-profit agency) registered in Delaware, and is not officially a part of the US government: Instead we have IRS as the collection arm of the private for-profit Federal Reserve who collects taxes that go straight to the owners of the Federal Reserve, in exchange for printing our DEBT-BASED money.
happy birthday :: in lieu of singing "happy birthday" we opted for a rousing chorus of "the final countdown"
All of this started about three weeks ago when I had the most vivid dream I was eating barbecue. Of course, I woke up hoping to find my fingers covered in sauce, but no such luck. It took a few days before I was brave enough to tell Kyle about my undying desire to eat some really yummy brisket, but when I finally did he happily took me out for dinner at IronStar Barbeque (a must try if you in OKC) - we even had the good fortune to go with this girl and her husband (who were also happy to humor me and my barbecue craving).
Oh my! I never expected to take this much of a break from blogger world but life as I KNEW it has totally taken quite the turn.
It has been a quiet weekend. Yesterday was our 8th anniversary and we just stayed home and watched old movies. I had not seen Mr. Roberts
It’s a tie between two things: The freedom to follow my curiosity wherever it leads and the great fun and satisfaction that I get when speaking with children in schools or libraries. A morning in a research library followed by an afternoon school visit would be the perfect day! OK, that's not all in my perfect day, it would include a dinner of my husband's BBQ salmon with cole slaw, hugs from my two boys, a long walk with the dogs, and about two hours work on a new book idea. Oh, and dessert, we have to have dessert.
Presenting the Meg-a-Readers Blog Hop!
Although...OMG!! I had her colored, which took me forever for some reason, then I decided to add color around her and when that didn't work I cut her out. 5 FREAKIN HOURS!! WTH?!! UGH!! Anyway, I paired her up with the gorgeous Bo Bunny "Snowfall" papers and that incredible wooden star from Kaiser Craft. I also stickled her wings but if you'd like a closer look just click on the picture.
Would you like to compare the infant and child mortality rates of capitalist countries vs. socialist/communist/Marxist countries?
The medical director became aware of Mary's heroic act and he
If Latino immigration into the United States continues, it would raise the fertility rate from its present 1.6 children per family to 2.11, which historical studies have shown is just barely sufficient to maintain a culture for 25 years or more. Without them, the United States and Canada could well become yet other Islamic nations not long after Europe.
Now I am facing the same thing with Ashley. If she were just blind, she would be welcomed at project LIFE. But because she has significan medical issues which must be attended to, she cannot.
In the words of Stephanie Dowrick:
#11) Free champagne / scotch tastings
Who cares? Well…
Altogether, it is a nasty piece of black memecraft, exploiting different weakness in the human operating system to create a gaping cognitive disconnect: on one hand, territoriality and fear of the Other, and on the other the desire to not appear tribal, because being tribal is primitive and racist and not fit for modern democrazy, where we are all equal under the corporate codes. Hello, dissonance!
Still, her begging me to teach her to read is better than me forcing her, so perhaps I have inadvertently created a good learning situation, since she has never been the kind of child who just does as she is asked! Even Geekyboy is getting on on the act. He has memorized several of the books and "reads" them to me with the same stilted manner as Geekygirl has when she is sounding out the words.
Disraeli
She then tells me that she is going to try and pick a shift up on Wednesday because it is rib night and also a hockey night.
Today the topic of interest was snakes! Yesterday, our neighbor found a snake and when he was done checking it out he let my girls have it. We were pretty busy last night, so this morning we found out what kind of snake it is.
Sunday I also went to Bajo del Tigre in order to take background pictures for signs 1 and 4 which I made on the computer using powerpoint. I have had the amazing help throughout the project of those two signs from someone in Seattle who donated his photos to the MCL for their use. He altered the pictures and everything for me. It is quite the wonder going abroad to realize how small the world is when you run into people that live in the same town or area. His son even just graduated out of Fairhaven College at Western in my hometown of Bellingham. During my walk I got to see a mot mot and also several goatis! I was one of the few people in the group I think that hadn’t seen one yet, so I was super excited. Unfortunately they move super quick and I was unable to get a picture of any of them. But the trip to Bajo del Tigre (for where I am designing the signs etc.) was great even if I got absolutely SOAKED.
The 1 Thing You Need To Be A More Effective Recruiter
In retrospect, this is not exactly the Filipino people’s fault. In fact, according to Steven McKay’s article entitled “Filipino Sea Men: Constructing Masculinities in an Ethnic Labour Niche”, he writes how the Philippine Overseas Employment Administration (POEA) has, since the 1980s, sold the Filipinos like “servants” in their brochure:
This whole episode, (I prefer to consider this failed marriage an episode in my life for life itself is too big to compare marriage as being everything in one’s life) has left me wondering, why does he (my husband) not worry about our burnt house rather than fretting over trivial issues like he missed on saving his favorite shirt from the fire!
Bill of Rights Defense Committee executive director Shahid Buttar began with a stark statement of his own: “At the moment, the right to trial and due process have effectively been statutorily suspended. We enjoy them because of the pleasure of the president. … every place in the world that has flirted with powers like these has descended into authoritarianism.
Design: 3/5
And fighting time so hard I pray
mixed greens with Granny Smith apples, crumbled smoked fontina and honey-nettle vinaigrette
These are Kristen's biggest problems at school. Today was her last full day of school. On Friday, we have the singing program and then she is done for the summer. As I was waiting in the car line today, one of the directors came over to chat with me. Kristen decided she kept needing to try to hold the little boy's hand next to her during practice, felt like she needed to pull her dress up a couple times, and sang "most of the time." What more can I do to help her?
And finally the sheer quantity of Rod's entries has won him a prize. But I particularly liked these two:
From Top left to Bottom: Our first meal at Cafe Paradiso, my favorite restaurant. Great food is a theme in South Africa. Lauren on Table Mountain. Eating in Swellendam after a visit to Bontebok National Park. A staircase that reminded us of home, until we remembered we were carrying our recycling a quarter mile to the local high school.
What I miss: Do I even need to answer this...Wine.
It’s the 3rd ANNUAL
Beverly recently started dating someone, let’s call him Steve, after being single for 30 years. Beverly and Steve met at the funeral of a mutual friend. Before her friend died, Beverly was considering going into business with him. A year later, Beverly wanted to follow up on the business opportunity but needed some files to move forward. She swears that she distinctly heard her friend’s voice (from beyond the grave) say, “Call him.” And she knew exactly who “him” was – Steve.
I discovered that some of the changes I made to the story – like losing a character – made little difference although I thought it would have a major impact. Other times, I would change one word or some punctuation and the story would improve markedly. I learned a lot about experimenting with the text.
Similar experiments have been performed with pleasure, and it is not the total amount of pain or pleasure, measured in time or intensity, experienced during an event, but the peak averaged with the final moments before returning to a neutral state which most affect the subject’s memory. What appeals to me about their observations is that it becomes possible to control how you are going to feel about the various events in your life. Having a wonderful vacation can be ruined by some moderately negative experiences at the end or perhaps even on the trip home. To leave a good memory of the events we should leave plenty of time for an easy and very pleasurable ending and pleasant return home.
I had this picture of Steve and his friends for a long time. Once I saw the map paper in the Storyteller collection, I knew I had to use it. It was busy so I decided to simply cut a few of the images out and place them on the clean, woodgrain paper. I created the cluster of tags along the bottom. It was cute, but way too plain.
3. The Wisteria Scarf - Cavalier 3 parts Jun 1, 8, 15
So I thought I do a little post about some dollar store things I used around my house so far this year. I really find some great stuff...
619. Bistro Duck w/ Miso Soup & Spring Roll from Asia Café (Kimberton, PA) 1:36 p.m.
The council also pointed out that Ms Parma is currently in a temporary residential place and it was always the case she would have to move on.
2 1/4 c cake flour*
Oh, what a surprise, they do. However, Excel's wonderful TREND function tells us that rents only soak up 67.8% of the extra wages. Does that mean the law requires modification? No, not really, because once we deduct 'embedded rents' (calculated, for sake of argument as another 20% of pure rents*) and apply the TREND function again, we see that wages after pure rent and after embedded rent are as flat as a pancake.
Coming to Joyce after fearing the specter of his stream of consciousness fiction for so long, I was pleasantly taken aback by the efficiency of his prose here. There are some beautiful turns of phrase, to be sure—in “An Encounter”, the narrator describes his taste for the “unkempt fierce and beautiful girls” of American detective fiction (9), and a woman in “Two Gallants” is described as having “Frank rude health” (37). But for the most part, it’s spare and, to be totally honest, unflattering. Even the most beautiful women have problems; unable to break a promise even as it eats away at her, or completely unaware that the narrator is madly in love with her. (I do enjoy the way Joyce writes about love, although its possessive qualities in “The Dead” can be a little frightening. But then again, I hear Joyce’s personal writings on love are downright horrifying, so I think I’m getting off easy here.)
(Note: A full review is forthcoming once I have a few more days to think about things; however, you still may encounter some spoilery things in here. There's your warning.)
She said she didn’t like the frosting on the cupcake. Which I found amusing since the night before she wouldn’t even touch the cake part, she was all about the frosting then. So trying to be helpful as she started to whine about not liking it, I did the only logical thing I could think of. I separated the cupcake so she could just have the cake. Apparently this was not an appropriate solution. She cried and screamed like I had tried to cut-off one of her fingers.
Bake for about an hour, until a toothpick comes out clean. Let the loaves cool for five to ten minutes before you turn them out. Yum!
Making these steps together is why I'm involved in the Occupy movement. I recalled that my political analysis was not developed over night; rather it took investment from other activists. I've had years of guidance and mentorship within movements for social justice that has gotten me to the place I am today. Now is the time to offer the constructive encouragement to others that was offered to me when I was first becoming politicized.
Back in July of 2003 I was in a major car accident. My sister was driving, my brother was in the passenger seat, two friends were on either side of me, and I was in the middle back seat. Let me recap here what I can remember of this event. I do not remember that day. I do not remember the week before. I have a lot of black spots and most of the details I have came after from people telling me, but there is one thing I will never forget about the accident.
Yes, please. And can I eat when we get there?
My Islam is Pelagius upholding truth against the prevailing lies
The 1980’s in Punjab witnessed a decade long insurgency, which was fuelled by failed attempts at gaining greater autonomy for the Indian state of Punjab, which has a Sikh majority. Fundamental to the agitation between the Sikhs and the State was the issue related to the identity of the Sikhs. Article 25 of the Indian Constitution defines Sikhs as Hindus, and thus denies the distinct existence of the Sikh religion. Furthermore, there were complaints of territorial loss, in which the State transferred the capital of Punjab to a neighbouring state. Through the 1970s, government canals diverted 75% of Punjab’s water to the states of Rajasthan and Haryana (Kaur, 2002). This act is in violation of the international law of riparian rights (Kaur, 2002). The Sikhs had been engaging in civil disobedience since the 1950s and risked arrest and protest over these issues. The agitation reached its peak in 1984.
Title: Devil’s Food Cake Murder
Chucks love interest with the new girl Amy was so freakin' cute, I love that he loved her and that she loved him back. It was super swoon-worthy and made you root for Chuck even more that he would get the girl in the end (NO, i'm not telling you if he does, this is a spolier-free review)
Screenshots at 250pm CDT 5/1/2012:
I’ll be doing part two and including your comments, (plus a link to your site) within the next few days! So keep the comments coming!
My reason for not using the word “Consultant” in your title is that it’s directly going against your reason for updating your profile, assuming you are looking for future full-time employment, is that when staffing professionals search for you on LinkedIn they will often assume that you are seeking future consulting roles.
It’s about sexism.
It's a thorny, fascinating, and troubling question. If we are to answer @weywerdSun, I think we should start by being careful to make sure we're clear on exactly what we're asking and what is happening.
“One, two, three…”
The visit and TV address come as correspondents say public patience with the war in Afghanistan is wearing thin.
I ended up making a pretty gourmet lunch today. It was mostly re-arranging some leftovers but it came together very nicely. The other day at the store I saw artichokes that looked really awesome. When I was a kid mom used to make artichokes for us and she taught us how to peel off the leaves one by one, dip them into a butter sauce and then pull them between your teeth for the one small bite that was at the base of each leaf. It's a lot of work, but it is worth it because it is so good. To make the artichoke, just put some water in a pan and steam the artichoke for 25-35 minutes or until the leaves pull off very easily. The butter sauce I did today was super simple, melted ghee (clarified butter) with balsamic vinegar and salt. Lemon juice is extraordinary with artichokes but I didn't have any lemons.
How to Prove “Exceptional Ability” for the Sciences and Arts?
And I wanna run
Hydroponic Soundsystem - Lagos, Michigan, 72
for you’re asking in His Name
Location: Main Street USA Disneyland, upon entering Disneyland you will be walking up Main Street towards the iconic Sleeping Beauty Castle. Jolly Holiday Bakery Cafe is on your left, near the entrance to Adventureland.
- Minutes of several site meetings held between SGL, contractors, labourers and the project steering committee show that some of the labourers were not paid for up to four months.
This is strange because one would have expected the newly married couple to be stepping out together.
He’d been upside down and inside out, done flips and triple spins
I was up at 4 am with Shawn before he had to leave for work and I noticed it was storming out. I love a good storm as long as it doesn't turn severe! After he left I got involved in doing some things around the house and then went back to bed where I stayed till Kelsey woke me up at noontime! I must have really needed that to be in bed that long! Lately sleep has been hard to come by with Fluff not sleeping all night. It's almost like having a baby again! LOL The last few nights we've been giving her a Benedryl and she's been falling asleep in her bed in the living room so we've been sneaking off and shutting our door at night and letting her there. I know i'm starting to feel much more rested with letting her sleep in the living room but hate doing that.
Often, it seems as though the stores do not want help getting things done correctly. This particular business is bad about just throwing things wherever they will fit (and sometimes even if they don't fit!) and not worrying about things being in their correct location according to the shelf tags. In the instance of the shelf that wouldn't reattach, a worker went to get us a new one and never returned so the products that should have been on that shelf could not be put on display. We had to leave them in a buggy for a worker to set later. Very frustrating!
Their snouts were buried
We are raising adults and they need to be equipped to handle life on their own, to be confident and to know they can handle anything. They are worthy and can make the choices they need to.
Do you see a difference between the two cards? Not much difference...the layout is the same but i switched up the size of the hearts on the DSP!
In Syria, pogroms took place in several towns, synagogues were torched, and several hundred Jews were arrested in November 1947. The Almenasheh synagogue in Damascus was attacked on 5 August 1949; thirteen people were killed and thirty-two injured.
Obviously we aren't talking Batman-grade technology here. These were just a couple of things I already owned that I realized could suit my needs quite well. Neither was expensive or appeared special in any way, which were key parts of their simple charm. They were just a couple commonplace items any college student could use to roam around campus clandestinely hauling hooch. Here's how it worked:
The flower lady took advantage of very common marketing. The short process of creating a need or expectation and then providing the answer to it. I was in a conversation yesterday where we talked about expectations in relationships and also how one person always seems to be giving more in a relationship. Sometimes it’s like a circle, as with many relationship topics. One person seems to always be giving most of the efforts. Then, if that person gets tired of doing it, the other realizes he is missing something and starts to work to get the same attention as before. With expectations, I think people should be very careful and I think the world would be a much better place if every person was required to be counseled on the topic before going off into marriage or any committed relationship. I can recall expectations being possibly the most harmful part of the relationship. The growing expectations themselves and the failure to provide what was expected. If only people could learn before rather than after.
If you happen to find yourself in Melbourne between now and the end of October this year, well, first of all I’m extremely envious, but secondly you should definitely go to the ManStyle exhibition at the NGV International gallery.
Ink: Memento Pear Tart, Tangelo, Desert Sand, Vivid! Coffee Bean
And what an album. “Locust Sounds” by rockers Reykjavík!, don’t forget the exclamation mark to avoid confusion with Iceland’s capital city. Without any doubt the best album artwork I saw this year. While lying in my bath @ home, I was having my private listening party in a small Belgian hot tub. Finally Reykjavík! made their grown-up, mature record. Although the 2 previous kids, “Glacial Landscapes, Religion, Oppression & Alcohol”(2006) and “The BLOOD” (2009), were not ugly @ all. Say the rise of Reykjavik! 2.0. Or Ride is having a cozy but loud barbecue with I Adapt & Gavin Portland in the backyard, while some family & friends (Mugison e.g.) are providing the extra meat & beer. Great vocals, noisy guitars, banging drums: this is Rokk i Reykjavík - The Revenge. Certain one of the best records made in Iceland this year. Need I say more? Yes, I love the track titles. My favorite track is “Nurse, please”, of course ;-).
I found a contest for my taste buds: Carlos Hernandez’s Peruvian chicken at Inigo on Queen Street, and Fransisco Alejandri’s market stall on Augusta Avenue in Kensington market.
*Leona Lewis – Better In Time
In addition, with the Pentagon’s four-year baseline budget cycle of 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 at $515 billion, $533 billion, $549 billion and $531 billion, respectively; for the president and Panetta to claim that the proposed ‘baseline’ budget for 2013 of $525 billion is a dramatic cut representing significant savings does not meet the straight-face test or their ethical obligation to the country.
And because I haven't shown a picture of Woods on the blog in a while and he was being so cute while doing it, here is a picture of Woods who was very amused with my palm from Palm Sunday mass yesterday.
Well, the weather around here for the past couple of days has just been drop dead gorgeous, so I couldn't waste any of it by staying inside. Piss on the pottery, I had to do some gardening! But it wasn't just for the sake of good weather. There is a big cold front coming and I really needed to get some stuff ready for that. They are predicting lows around 18 degrees several nights. Now, for us that's cold! Sweetie Jack raked a bunch of pine straw for me and made piles in the garden so all I had to do was mulch around whatever plants I wanted. So, I pruned and mulched the blueberries (on the left). I have 4 blueberry bushes now and a few herbs planted between them.
Stolichnaya Vanil (Vanilla) – 37.5%
Although the London market is buoyant in the sense prices continue to rise and there is funding available for purchases, it remains a concern that NAMA is selling its best assets now which might otherwise have appreciated more in coming years, compared with declines in its own backyard.
Then Drew Carmichael transfers into Lizzie's high school at the beginning of the year, and she feels a connection to him, almost like she knows him. She can't stop thinking about him, but whenever she tries talking with him about the mysteries behind her feelings, he makes it clear that he wants nothing to do with her. Reaching him is even more difficult because she has a boyfriend, Jeremy, who has started to become full of himself after being elected co-captain of the varsity soccer team, and her flirtatious best friend Chelsea starts dating Drew soon after his arrival. So why can't she get him out of her mind?
2010.09.07 Thailand Narathiwat 1 0 A young Buddhist is gunned down in an Muslim drive-by attack.
So, without further ado or babbling, or throwing a pity party...let's catch up.
Oh. And it's probably time for a new pair of shoes.
I particularly liked Halo by Zizou Corder, an unusual story about an orphaned girl brought up by Centaurs in ancient Greece. I thought it full of unexpected events and plot developments and interesting characters. Sarra Manning's Nobody's Girl was a perhaps more usual teenage girl fare but I so loved the way the heroine got her revenge on the mean girls and their Queen Bee that it stood out for me.
There may be other rules, but if you follow these five, you're sure to have a productive, entertaining weekend of crafty goodness. Now pass me the rotary cutter, and make sure to save me some wine.
Chips
Sam and Tara. Best friends in a future when artificial intelligence organises our lives, and micropets are the latest craze. Best friends when rationing means cold showers and no internet. Best friends when genetic matching makes asking a girl on a date a minefield of epic proportions.
Applications for Student Council are now available in the main office!
Now just assemble using a brad, I used 'enchanted', the doily goes on the bottom then the 2 fancy flowers, then the small doily flower. I used small ribbon to create a bow that I attached like leaves.
But being a glutton for punishment, I went back. This time in voyeur mode. I'm not gonna pin a THING. I'm just going to stalk my frenemy...see what it's up to...
Tom Hanks just needs to stand there to bore me. It doesn't take much at all, when he opens his mouth *YAWN!*
The foregoing quotes bespeak the pre-occupation of some religions and psychology of that day (and perhaps even today) with “self-help,” “suggestion,” “auto-suggestion,” “hypnotism,” “new thought,” “moral psychology,” “relaxation techniques,” “inward transfer,” “re-education of the conscious powers,” and “psychotherapeutics” See Elwood Worcester, Samuel McComb, Isador H. Coriat. Religion and Medicine: The Moral Control of Nervous Disorders. NY: Moffat, Yard & Company, 1908. These psychological approaches have frequently been claimed as a new approach to Christian religion and sometimes been mislabeled “conversion” cures. See Elwood Worcester and Samuel McComb. The Christian Religion as a Healing Power. NY: Moffat, Yard and Company, 1909. The Emmanuel Movement stands as one example. See Leslie D. Weatherhead. Psychology Religion and Healing. NY: Abingdon-Cokesbury Press, 1951. But the cure that comes from “altering” or “re-educating the subconscious” is not the cure that Christians ascribe to salvation, putting on the mind of Christ, and acting with belief in and obedience to God’s Word. See as to healing consummated in Christ: Isaiah 53:3-5; Matthew 8:16-17; 1 Peter 2:24; as to the new man in Christ: 2 Corinthians 5:17-18; as to putting on the new man—the mind of Christ: Romans 12:2, Ephesians 4:23, Colossians 3:10; and as to claiming cure by belief: Mark 16:16-21; Hebrews 4:14-16; 1 John 5:4-5; William Law. The Power of the Spirit. PA: Christian Literature Crusade, 1971; E. W. Kenyon. Jesus The Healer. WA: Kenyon’s Gospel Publishing Society, 2000; Ethel R. Willits. Healing in Jesus Name. Detroit: Ethel R. Willits, Evangelist, 1931; James Moore Hickson. Heal the Sick. London: Methuen & Co., 1925. The latter two Christian healing books were owned, studied, and circulated to AAs by Dr. Bob.
The Grand Prize Giveaway Ends On Nov 15, 2011 by 11:59pm PST
Dear Blog Friends,
Even if it was theoretically possible to reach an individual or collective narcissist, it would take time. And time is precisely what the planet has run out of. Admitting that might be the exact moment that we step out of the cloying childishness and optimistic white–lite denial of so much of the left, and into our adult knowledge. And with all apologies to Yeats, in knowledge begins responsibilities. It’s to you grown–ups, the grieving and the raging, that we address this book.
The Lion Brewery bought the Stegmaier name in 1974. About a year ago, Risell said he and other officials at the Lion Brewery decided "we're going to make Stegmaier work or we won't have Stegmaier."
I feel guilty for using yet another PINK flower for my post....yet, I have nothing in the old portfolio that inspires me at the moment. I really need to get out and shoot some inspiration.
Thus far, 85% of my conversations with strangers have been nothing but the banal and purposeless enumeration of my personal details. Banal because I don’t care, and purposeless because they should not. Where did I come from? What’s my hometown? What have I enjoyed so far? How long am I traveling for? This information edifies no one. We may as well talk about celebrity babies or politics.
Back to the grindstone it is. :-)
“Our Lady of Blessed Acceleration, don’t fail me now”
So (drum roll Please), without further ado the name of the blog site (and the link) is
So i hope you will all understand how manic life has been ... and thankyou to all those that have bought earrings - its helped Georgette in so many ways - its an expensive buisness to get started i have to say !
With gossamer negligees wrapped around their swollen bodies, executives' wives hung tiny white gowns to warm for expected off spring.
After nearly a year and a half of attending RCIA classes I am excited at the approach of the Lenten season and Easter. At which point I will be baptized, take first communion and officially become Catholic. The Baptismal font at our church is sunken down a few steps and large enough for an adult to kneel in why the priest pours water over their head. Since no baptismal are done during lent it is very likely that I will be the next person to be baptized.
“Hey moti. Sorry I am late. Gussa wussa toh nai hai tum?” She was trying her best to put up a usual behaviour. Sufi would go berserk if she heard that Shahzeb had reappeared in the scenario. So, it would surely be better if this matter remained under covers, in front of her at least. Iqra would tell her everything after speaking to Arham, but right now, this news had to be hidden from her.
Though my father was a liberal, he was a deeply authoritarian man and was frankly very conservative in his views towards life. My teenage rebellion sent him through the ceiling and broke his heart. His dear Bobby was betraying him. Such rage he felt.
I do want to mention Jordan Whatcott pitched the last three innings of the game in relief. He was amazing, growing stronger as he went, even striking out the last two batters he faced. After this stunning performance, Jordan was sent up to Reading where he got his first AA win last night. Congratulations Jordan!
So it's no surprise the theme for our challenge is:
It's also been incredible to be organizing collectively with folks who are dealing with the reality that we need to move quickly since we don't know how long this occupation will last while also thinking through how this work can make a long-term impact on movements for justice. Instead of organizing in crisis, we are organizing for the long haul.
The fact is that many of the Directors and Officers of State Enterprises are political appointees, which puts the entire rationale onto a doubtful footing. Because the salaries and perks are so attractive, not to mention the commercial opportunities, the State Enterprises are prize targets for political appointments and favours.
The Greater Litanies (or processions) are so called to distinguish them from the Minor Litanies, that is, processions of less importance as far as the solemnity and concourse of the faithful were concerned. We gather from an expression of St. Gregory the Great that it was an ancient custom in the Roman Church to celebrate, once each year, a Greater Litany, at which all the clergy and people assisted. This holy Pontiff chose April 25 as the fixed day for this procession, and appointed the Basilica of St. Peter as the Station.
The first band up were the ‘only a thrash band would dare call themselves this’ SKULL CRUSHER. A four piece, their set was plagued by a ridiculously loud bass sound which at first was just a back ground grumble, but very soon turned into a massive roar.
Ciao.
A few months later, I noticed bank fees being debited from my account. High bank fees. Fees that, when I signed up for the account, was told wouldn’t be so high. It turns out I was set up with the wrong account by the person at the (surprise, surprise) Yonge/Eglinton branch. Instead of dealing with the branch, I took to Twitter and reached out to the team there. Within a few hours, the fees were returned to my account and the account was changed to an unlimited debit use account. A win for the social media team once again.
Roky Erikson. Daniel Johnston. The Meat Puppets. The Butthole Surfers (kinda). Dangerous Toys. Christopher Cross. Austin, Texas has produced its share of famous musicians, but by far the most well-known and prolific are the three-piece black metal band known collectively as AVERSE SEFIRA. The group explains itself thusly:
Field Trip - Give Me a Break
Rick and I celebrated our 12th anniversary July 24th with an evening/night alone.
In Zimbabwe this past week, one could imagine a scene of emaciated people with empty stomachs, with barely enough energy to swat a fly, jumping up and down to celebrate 30 years of independence. Some independence!
When you first start writing you have lots of ideas. Then, they start to dry up; you use them up or you decide what had seemed good isn’t quite as engaging as you’d thought. Fortunately, as I mentioned the other week, I have the next four or five books planned in my head. Still, I’m not so teeming with ideas as I was when I decided TO BE A
Alas, I forgot that having your own nook for crafts does not necessarily mean that you are good with crafts. It also does not mean that you can contain the mess in one area.
Lately there are more and more stores online where you can buy watches and find the latest fashion trends. Online stores provide a variety of replica watches of all known brands out there. A replica watch is not just a copy of the original watch but a quality accessory; however there are a few things you need to take into consideration when buying a watch online.
- The recipe as I baked it at the end of this post.
Foreign Secretary William Hague expressed his sympathy to the family of Khalil Dale, who was working with the Red Cross.
Either way….purple is the color of domestic violence awareness.
in the relapsing rapture
“Jessie’s Girl” is his only hit to reach #1 on the US Charts.
I don't know who Stacey Solomon is. I suppose she must be famous for doing something - acting, singing, I don't know. I'm not interested enough to find out .
Talks between Israel and the Palestinians ended in September after an Israeli moratorium on settlement construction in the occupied West Bank expired.
IMAN
5. like a little nap after we eat our lunch.
I have read about postponing ejaculation, and when I felt myself coming I stopped and clenched, waiting until the pleasure slid back down the hill. I’ve tried this with L (Wait, I’m trying to hold off. –I know you are….) But it never works; the pleasure is too intense to restrain.
Be sure to check out the whole series, and let Jay and the gang know what you think of their hard work.
I was afraid the sound of crunching leaves under my feet would wake him from his nap, but he did not move a muscle as I edged closer to the tree.
“As with We the Media, the kind of Creative Commons license would say, essentially, that anyone could make copies of the work for non-commercial use, and if they created derivative works, also only for non-commercial purposes, those works would have to be made available a) with credit to me and b) under the same license.
The Minerals Management Service (MMS) granted BP exploration a “categorical exclusion” from a full environmental impact analysis, which is a basic requirement under the National Environmental Policy Act, “according to documents made available by the Center for Biological Diversity, an environmental group,” said a report.
“Anger makes you smaller, which forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were.” – Cherie Carter-Scott
2. Why did you decide to do this instead of other independent consulting opportunities? I decided to become a Pampered Chef consultant because I found that going from a two income family to a one income family our priorities changed. We couldn’t afford to eat out as much as we once did and now I actually had the time to cook. But I didn’t know how, so I would research the easiest recipes for our favorite meals. I wanted to be able to do the same for other people, to take the time to educate on how to make tasty meals in the least amount of time.
Alan Garner: Tigers love pepper… they hate cinnamon.
Narrator: Kate Rudd
To be in with a chance of winning the prize this week you will need to upload your card using inlinkz.com by 8pm GMT on Wednesday 31st August 2011.
Correct your listed age. Better to underpromise and overdeliver on dating Web sites, and elsewhere, than to play it in reverse. There is also the small matter of honesty with potential mates. Why not be the youngest-looking 43-year-old on the Internet?
Regeneration.
it up again
"The Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) is the American Branch of a society which originated in England ... (and) ... believes national boundaries should be obliterated and one-world rule established." - Carroll Quigley, Professor of History Georgetown University, in his book "Tragedy and Hope".
Photographers will be taking your photo as you receive your diploma on Saturday May 12.
There is something to be said for a complete story in a single trade collection, like with the 12-issue collections for Watchmen and Batman: The Long Halloween. I wonder if the prominence of a work like Batman: Hush suffered because it took about five years to see an inexpensive single-volume paperback collection, and there are other self-contained stories that are still inexplicably split among several volumes.
Hello and Happy Friday! Hope you are having a lovely week. I'm so glad it's Friday. I don't know about you, but I am ready for the weekend:)
US lawyers are, of course, familiar with the legal concept Volenti non fit injuria (“to a willing person, no injury is done” for post-Woolfians) and Molly is fully aware of the nonsense I write…. so may, safely, be taken to be Volens on the matter. The word limit is 300-500. Monsieur Prolix is my alter ego so I have obtained special dispensation to ignore the word limit. I have, however, promised that it will not be 48 feet long like one of the Blawg Reviews I wrote earlier in the year.
Through this collective exercise in metacognition, the teacher helps the students confront the meaning of learning and draw out its connotations.
When I was five I rescued two lobsters, freeing them back into the ocean.
The problem with defending others in Ohio and many other places is that even if you fear immediate death or serious bodily harm for someone else, you may not know whether they're at fault or failed to retreat when they were able to or should have. Now I'm in favor of Stand your Ground laws, but even in states that have such laws, you still can't be found to have "Advanced your Ground" and claim self defense.
Spot the egg-timer in the background. Yep, you have to time how long your tea brews for. They recommended 4 minutes for my Assam.
Vindication syndication
Performance:
a picture of Reagan’s face.
How do you like to make your buttonholes?
Uh oh! There have been another wave of enemies released into the US Spiral, but for once, not released by Malistaire, but by Morganthe (the monster you follow around in Zafaria’s last dungeon, Mirror Lake)
from out my hand into your mind,
Reports of male rape first appeared some three years ago, but the story only achieved widespread prominence after the police arrested sisters Sophie and Netsai Nhokwara and Rosemary Chakwizira, three prostitutes, last October, when they were found in possession of a bag of – ugh – used condoms. They were subsequently charged with the violation of seventeen men.
just too adorkable~~~ ^^
From now on, my photo for this week’s challenge (which is another favorite of mine) will remind me of the colors (yellows and oranges) enjoyed by those people at the West during the fall and one of my favorite fruits, the Navel Orange, ripens and harvested during the fall too.
· Grip ‘n’ Go™ footwear is made with all the benefits of Originals®, but with special G2 Technology for active toddlers that are transitioning to walking with a more confident stride.
I've had a long, tiring day and my laptop battery only gives me about half an hour now, so instead of a long, detail-by-detail recap of this week's episode, I'm going to give you my thoughts as I watch it a second time. Spoiler alert: I was completely delighted.
Flying Dog - Pearl Necklace Oyster Stout & K-9 Cruiser Winter Ale
you can find it here
So while the love triangle didn't amaze me, the story itself in this one was still incredibly fun--even if a lot of it takes place in our world instead of Nevernever. Also, IRONHORSE YOU DA MAN! Or wait, isn't it supposed to be YOU DA HORSE! Except that sounds crazy-weird. But you get my point. =D
This is beyond "kill, shoot, kill, pew pew blam blam."
The panels have been hard at work evaluating the finalists, discussing the merits of each book and making hard choices about which one they all agree upon as the best in its category. The Cybils winners will be announced this Tuesday, February 14th. This year I have had the honor of coordinating the Book App category. We've had fantastic members of each panel, and they've evaluated over 50 book apps. They've considered the stories, the interactive features, the audio narration and the overall kid appeal of these apps. We've had fascinating discussions, and I think we've all learned something from the process.
Instead, however, that line is used just as it was the first time, as the first line of what is now the second verse, and a very unique liaison linking the two verses together is accomplished.
4. Mustang Ford
Total weight gain/loss: - 4 lbs
He would win true acclaim and popularity, however, as the city's district attorney proper, serving first from 1853-1859 and again from 1861-1869, one of New York's most important legal voices during the Civil War. He allegedly prosecuted over 12,000 cases. He was also on hand during the Draft Riots, funneling many rioters through the court system and straight to jail. His accomplice was often judge John Hoffman, soon to be the mayor of New York who preceded Hall. Their crusades against rioters would boost both their popularity.
A Streamlight TL2 tactical light, clipped in my left front pocket (although I am having serious issues with the fact that the light keeps getting turned on in my pocket. 120 lumen, confined within a trouser pocket, gets hot in a hurry!). I'm not going to use a weapon-mounted light (WML) on my sidearm to conduct a house search. Remember, although she's not ambulatory, I DO have a child in the house. I'd feel like a dick if I inadvertently pointed a weapon at her because I was looking for the source of a strange bump in the night.
The appearance of the fields with their lack of snow may indicate spring, but the colours prove otherwise. There is no hint of green yet, the nights are still quite cold and the ground has not warmed enough to encourage the tree buds to swell or the dandelions to push forth. The scenery remains grey, beige, old gold, with shrinking patches of bright white as the snow retreats before the lengthening daylight and increasing warmth.
Say It In Pearls by Prima
-- The TPC (for The The Players Championship not the course)
*He LOVES to brush his hair. I started singing "Brusha Brusha Brusha" (you know, from Grease) to him and now HE SAYS it back! It might be the funniest thing he does yet! He did it for my mom and sister last night and they were rolling!!!
Yet even these ones, stunned silly, cannot help but praise God—perhaps even in spite of themselves. Whatever the case, one thing is for certain: the appropriate response to the action of God’s grace, wherever it is seen, is to praise God and God alone. I can’t imagine there is anything else we can do but give glory to God who gives grace where no grace is deserved, to those who can do nothing to earn it, to those who barely have the strength and the power to even come before God and ask for it. As it is, the man asked Jesus for nothing that day with his mouth—we read none of his words. As it is, Jesus demonstrated God’s grace that day quite apart from the man’s merit. And God deserved all the praise.
Just wow! Matt then ended it with a straw man in the last 30 seconds. Nice. You lost.
Yes, we need employees who have the skills to “get the job done” but we also deserve employees who:
I will teach you how and where to find your clients
Joe was 10 minutes late for the party, but it was fine. He had a lot of fun. Captain America got ready and headed out for Ice Skating. I had about 35 minutes before I had to go to the next party :) Busy day, I know ;)
I love Disney/Pixar films. They are fantastic. Is it any wonder why we all love them so much? They certainly don't just throw something together and call it a day. Days, weeks, months and years of planning, drawing, writing, on and on it goes until they come to the final product. The movie.
And a grin,
“Wait here” Lamar whispered returning from the kitchen with a plate of Chicken Parmesan that Vonne C. overlooked. “You never, check the stove. Eat honey, you look hungry.” He implored, taking a fork and feeding her.
In the “beginning,” that which is called in mystic phraseology Cosmic Desire” evolves into absolute Light. Now light without any shadow would be absolute light—in other words, absolute darkness—as physical science seeks to prove. That shadow appears under the form of primordial matter, allegorized—if one likes—in the shape of the Spirit of Creative Fire or Heat. If, rejecting the poetical form and allegory, science chooses to see in this the primordial Fire-Mist, it is welcome to do so. Whether one way or the other, whether Fohat or the famous FORCE of Science, nameless, and as difficult of definition as our Fohat himself, that Something “caused the Universe to move with circular motion,” as Plato has it; or, as the Occult teaching expresses it:
If none of that works and we only sell four copies (three to my mommy) it's okay. I still had fun writing it and I greatly appreciate all of you cheering me on and telling me I could do it. That's worth its weight in gold (and royalties).
Steve weighs 202 lbs. (down 1 lb since last week!)
“The Most Beautiful Girl In The World” is the song all the fellas secretly wish they can write for their loved ones. Secretly because “real” mean don’t say sappy things like, “It’s plain to see you’re the reason God made a girl.” Hell no, “real” men don’t talk like that. Yet, this is what men wish to express to their loved ones, they’re the most beautiful girl in the world.
Beer Pairing: Barley Wine
Frank Fontana on Murphy Brown Source: Vegetarian Times
I am so glad because it was getting to a very stressful point for us. We was so sleepy all the time but needy and wouldn’y actually sleep then yesterday he went for a walk up to Waitrose with him walking hand-in-hand with Mum up the steep passage way to the shop. It was such a difference.
Ok, shhhhh, here's a secret: It will be another one in the list as well but buy some ink along with the fountain pen. If it's a cartridge pen, try to find a converter for it instead of cartridges. (Just ask, they will know) Wrap it up, put a bow on it and wait for the return gifts. Wait, I am being told that is not what the Holidays are about. Moving on.
Well I am the very vision of a walking fashion faux pas today. That’s okay…I never was a fashionista…and while I have gotten a bit better at dressing myself, I wonder sometimes what goes through my head when I am packing up my gym bag before bed. I am wearing light coloured clothing that is actually a bit too big…but very comfortable and for whatever reason I brought black socks with my black flats.
Everywhere is war -
This article is a case study of a repatriation dispute under the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA). The dispute arose when different tribal groups claimed a set of three leather shields held by the National Park Service. The article examines in depth the claims of the three groups, focusing on the disconnect between legal and anthropological determinations of cultural affiliation and using storytelling as a lens to evaluate the claims.
This is an old Victorian infant school locker (long name). I bought this cupboard about 10 years ago back in England off of eBay. It came from an old school that was being torn down and I was so lucky to happen to see it on eBay, bid on it and WIN!!
I started off deciding like most of you to use up what I already have before buying anything new. I have a load of images already coloured in just waiting to be used.
I’ve no doubt that in ten years, new brands and new distilleries that can't cut it will have folded, but for the foreseeable future, we’re going to have even more choices in white whiskey. Get it while you can — and possibly ensure that minimally aged grain spirits become a more enduring part of the American drinking repertoire.
Part 2 Students complete the same measurements, either on a provided celebrity photo, or one of their own choice.
Raina tensed as Tyler embraced her with a tenderness that contradicted his strength. He brushed the back of his hand along her cheek and swept her dark hair from her face. She felt his heartbeat while he held her against his chest, placed his hand at the back of her head, and kissed her for the first time. Raina relaxed into his arms.
Because so many bloggers participated, this event was divided into three grade level groups. Each of those smaller events was coordinated by one blogger as shown below:
My sister's boyfriend, Jerad. We had only been in the woods like 10 minutes and he was already a muddy mess. He ran in front of us and we caught up with him in a bend in the road...he looked like he was up to something....especially since he is holding a stick.
"People should be repulsed by what has happened and I would ask them to think about the effect this has had on his partner, and indeed the local community." Mr McKeeney, who was originally from Donegal in the Republic of Ireland, was "extremely popular" and "well known" in the local community and had no known enemies.
Me, being the beer geek I am, always show near opening, so thankfully they had everything still available. Sadly anyone arriving at, well lets say a normal beer drinking hour (maybe you had lunch first and arrived at say 2pm), arrived to empty taps and long arse lines. I just don't understand advertising a beer fest and running out of most of your beers half way through, poor planning? or were they thinking.. the hop heads of Portland probably won't turn out for a hop festival? come on really... I hope they refunded people.
So I hope to get some photos this week of my work both home and Orks.
it is on the middle shelf on the right. It may be on the middle shelf on the left too,
I don’t remember who said this, that every weapon that we use can be turned against ourselves. We operate in a capitalist society. So, if we really want to escape this kind of society we should maybe not start from architecture, but from different things, such as direct political action. I think architecture is a really compromissory activity in itself. It’s in the middle of dynamics which are much stronger than the architect and his/her ideas. But at the same time there still is a little freedom of action, for producing visions, for interfering with these dynamics.
RUSSELL TOVEY, star of the 2007 Christmas Special, Voyage of Damned, on Kylie, internet forums... and being the next Doctor!
I’m kind of bummed that I didn’t get more bath bombs to try, I only got the Butterball that I just used, Sex Bomb and Phoenix Rising. I guess this is just more incentive to take baths more!
The movie was phenomenal. The crew did an amazing job recreating the grey physical and emotional demeanor of District 12 (Appalachia/coal country). When Effie Trinket (played by Elizabeth Banks, who you might remember from Zack and Miri Make a Porno), the Capitol representative assigned to the District 12 tributes, steps onto the stage to draw the names, she and a flag of Panem above her are the ONLY splashes of color in an otherwise grey and brown world.
Immediately I knew where I had to go: The Talbot building. I started running across campus as people said ‘hi’ to me and asked where I was going. I didn’t stop to acknowledge anyone, I had to keep going. I realized no one was in front of me. I was getting tired (I’m not a runner) and thought of slowing down by Sutherland. Fortunately I looked back and saw five people on my tail. I kept going, huffing and puffing the whole way. By the time I got to the stairs of Talbot they were on me. Fortunately the stairs are really narrow, so I blocked the way. Hey, I needed to catch my breath, and I wan’t about to lose because some people can run more than me.
The winners of these series is anyone’s guess. I for one would love to see a NY/NJ or NY/Phila match-up. No more then 2 hours a part and probably the craziest and loudest fans anywhere.
"Definitely."
I know, I've been moody lately. But heck, I spent the last couple days sitting with people as they died and presiding at a funeral. It's moody work and, as you might imagine, we tend to lighten things up when we can. So I was joking with a coworker today who asked me if I ever considered leaving my job. Are you kidding, I responded. I start looking for the exit the minute a relationship begins. I was JOKING. But then, of course, the light moment passed, and I was left to wonder about what I had just said. And I replayed another old movie in my head.
No shit! The smile should have been the tip off. I only trust someone who’s exhibiting annoyance with the world.
and through an open window
While we're here, let me slide in one more Troegs I had on March 3.
We were to use limeade, river rock and garden green. She also wanted us to make a St Patrick's Day card or use a blessing. I did both for my card.
Problem Solving
I wrote this last night.
Again, all were adopted. Our local shelter is no-kill and is aided immeasurably by a revolving and caring bunch of kitten and puppy foster homes. You can interact with the shelter via their Facebook page. If you have time and the space to do so, consider fostering.
Who can be called by any name
Stephen Wheeler — Associate Professor of Landscape Architecture
7. I am going back to a world with cable in it, assuming the engineers cam find my house since I do not exist in the UVerse world. The new roommate seems to care about cable so in it goes. I am not that excited about it creeping back into my world but I am excited about wifi'ing up the house and having access to the Intertubez again.
months and months and months ago.
Wait until you see my laundry room, now that is embarrassing.
A word of warning adding to these ‘enum’ like Classes is not a problem but removing an entry can break the application if the information defined by this Class is saved in a file or database. When the information is retrieved and the datum is no longer a member of the Class an error will occur. It’s best to use this Class on lists that are not expected to change much.
Perhaps it goes without saying that I didn’t stop being a geek: the following year, when my friend Colleen communicated my romantic interest directly to Michelle, Michelle reportedly laughed out loud, an event from which I am still recovering. But I had found a comfortable niche in the junior-high-school (and later high-school) social ecology, and it was a niche in which I could thrive on my own terms.
The Canadian family of spoken word and poetry slam shows will grow by one this evening at Waterfalls Restaurant in Kensington Market when Bill’s Brown’s 1-2-3 Slam Toronto officially holds its inaugural show. While this is an exciting moment for slam lovers in the megacity, just north of its borders an equally important development will take place seven days from now.
my second child, which was 17 years ago.) I did a
“The Greek words for burden and load give us insight into the meaning of these texts. The Greek word for burden means “excess burdens,” or burdens that are so heavy that they weigh us down. These burdens are like boulders. They can crush us. We shouldn’t be expected to carry a boulder by ourselves! It would break our backs. We need help with the boulders – those times of crisis and tragedy in our lives.
After several years of thinking about tattoos, I finally made two decisions: Since words reflect who I am far more than images ever have, I wanted a literary tattoo—and I would get it done before my next birthday.
Sid had Johnny’s arms now and he pulled him to the passenger side of the Taurus.
Country: England
my party! Mostly because she let me
"This....I'm sitting in a Lincoln towncar that someone else is driving. I have only my own purse to account for, instead of three bookbags full of entertainment and food, plus my own bag, plus a diaper bag, plus a bunch of suitcases and carseats. I'm not carrying all of those aforesaid bags while trying to hold two children's hands while trying to keep the third child in sight. I'm not yelling at anyone to stop touching or not touching someone or something. I do not have the constant feeling like I am trying to herd cats using only my feet because my arms are full of the cats' belongings. I am, in short, responsible only for myself. It feels decadent."
During the event, QVC will showcase special FNO programming with a live broadcast – “Fashion Night’s Out – Live from New York” at 9 p.m., featuring the debuts of WILDLIFE by Heidi Klum, Kris Jenner Kollection and CE by Cristina Ehrlich.
I've always gotten her pictures taken with her glasses on because that's how she looks. She wears glasses, so she has glasses in her pictures. I had her take them off for this picture though because the light was really glaring off them. Someone else asked me a question about how my kids take care of their glasses, but I can't find it for the life of me. I bought Lex's first pair of glasses from Walmart because I didn't know any better. We went camping the day after I picked them up and while riding her bike, they fell off Lexi's face and were crushed in gravel. As soon as we got home from our trip, I took them to Walmart to see if they could fix or replace them and the ultra helpful people there told me they couldn't do anything and I'd need to buy another pair. They broke THE DAY AFTER I GOT THEM! Needless to say, I've never gone back there. I get the kids' glasses from a store called For Eyes. I don't know how wide spread this chain is, but they're wonderful! I can't even count how many times they've fixed, adjusted, or replaced my kids' glasses for free. The glasses are reasonably priced there too.
You'll never know this way
This is a grand opening, because it is an opening of the heart, to say, “I am ready to love” —not just to have a love affair, not simply to love something or other, but to truly commit and to be in union, because that becomes and is a reflection of union with One.
Below is a release about a new scholarship opportunity from Krylon. Please
The security guards and warders were drawn from the young and politically naive fanatic supporters of the military leadership of Joe Modise and Oliver Tambo, who kept to strict warnings about secrecy. They were not allowed to talk to anyone about anything that took place in an "ANC rehabilitation centre".
We marveled at being half way around the world, the similarities, the differences, not being able to understand a word anyone said or anything written. We relaxed into our justifiable culture shock.
Things will improve I just need to give it some time.
02/24/2012 SELL 0.01 eurcad 1.34338 02/27/2012 1.33837 +5.04
*Heal excema – can be applied topically to soften the skin
So a small suggestion. A tiny request. Didn’t mean to cause a riot. Well, maybe not exactly an Occupy Wall Street mob, but, at least, a tumultuous uproar.
If you suspect your child may be the victim of bullying ask him or her to tell you what’s going on. You can help by providing lots of opportunities to talk with you in an open and honest way.
Please click the following link http://www.shop.com/ul!57432!Playoffs+-trends.xhtml?credituser=C9407795 for all of your Flyers needs. Shopping made easy right from your home without ever missing a minute of the playoffs.
The ones who have left me treats and care packages.
Canadians have a tradition of “process”. Governments lay out budgets indicating where they see funding priorities going. Bills in our House of Parliament require three “readings” in order to become law. We even have a Senate which is ostensibly a “court of sober second opinion”. The point is–we try not to react hastily and without due conversation.
So sorry! I ate the whole pot without sharing with you.
Luck.
I say that Worship is my “thing.” It is the area of – might as well say it – theology that most intrigues me. Why do we worship? How do we worship? Whom do we worship? How do I fit into that conversation? How do I follow my calling in the area of worship?
on the side of the Soft Suede Card Stock,
- Post the award on my blog.
Couldn't have put it better myself.
The studio had all the cheeseball pictures required of such establishments: the “I can’t wait to graduate;” the “book me for your next movie and/ or commercial” headshot; the forced child poses that therapists accept as referrals. You know, the usual.
All should be on the same page and operating with the same goals. But it is easy to see how, as in any organization, each "department" is looking at its needs and how best to achieve them, and not always at the "big picture". Which means that at times they could be at slight odds with each other. Or at least not working in concert with each other.
This was adapted from my usual margarita recipe, which are pineapple-cilantro margaritas, inspired by the flavor profile of pineapple salsa:
The multinational ARLA by the way, has been long criticized and boycotted in Denmark because of their abuse of their dominant market position, to try and eradicate smaller and often more ecologically minded dairies and small farmers in Denmark.
Quite similar but then again different, I chose to wear the black on black with golden details a few days before London Fashion Week started. This time, and just because I thought it's much more casual this way, I put on my beloved Vintage fur vest and combined two very decisive, long awaited for, classic orange details...! And just because I felt like it (and because I recognised that my hair decided to have a bad day), I started to curl it for the first time completely without any help from professionals at Selfridges or any other person desperately trying it on them.
Kate’s face went wide with horror and her mouth got all wiggly-looking like when you see heat escape a radiator. It didn’t matter. I didn’t care about this bitch no more.
Anyway I want people to pick a large brewery or corporation that owns a lot of breweries. There are many to chose from. Give thanks to them for something they have done. Maybe they produce a beer you do actually like. Maybe they do great things for the cause of beer in general even if their beer is bland and tasteless but enjoyed by millions every day.Well, I am grateful for the big brewers. Those who own multiple brands, put out more beer than Africa has water. I am grateful that they taught me what bad beer tastes like, how marketing programs can revolve around a false sense of what beer should taste like ("ice-cold", "triple-hopped") and how to get scantily clad women in every commercial. As for all of these fun and exciting lessons that they taught me, I do feel that Anheuser-Busch get some things right.
Chiara is playing model for this little bag. After all it used to be her pair of jeans she own for less as a year, still would fit perfect. She just added it to the collection of jeans with holes on the knees. So well, I already had it on my list to make a bag for a little someone and the fabric for the lining was already picked out a month or two ago and simply waiting. Jeans came along, movie was playing, scissors were close - ratzfatz - the legs were off. The pants. You know what I meant.
Anyway, I'm ready.
That could make the pain
On another note, I was able to score supplies for a foamboard fermentation chamber. The owner of my LHBS was unloading this stuff that he's had sitting in a storage shed for a while, and I was able to get pre-cut foamboard, a thermostat, a fan, and a power supply. Whoo-hoo!!!! I'll be putting it together in the next week or two as time permits. I hope to take pictures of the project to post later.
Ponce Corps
But there is more. How can it be? I am now reading from Colossians 2:9, 10. “For in him dwelleth the fullness of the godhead bodily. And ye are complete in him.”
Looks like I will have to up my game.
Well, actually no, there is one thing about it that does not feel all that natural. If two people love each other, they want to be together and share their worlds, time and lives. But not in the case between parents and their grown-up kids. Because here I have a lot of love and care and closeness, yet this love story is slowly heading toward a separation.
I had been in a real life cockfight, and lost.
Now that the election has passed and the Government shows no signs of crumbling apart quite yet, I feel that I can come clean and admit that I have voted Conservative all of my life. So my bias is clear. What I've discovered since joining the EDL is that this doesn't matter. All are truly welcome here. Through the EDL I've come to question some of the assumptions that I have may have made about certain groups of people, and perhaps tackle some of my prejudices. I've spoken to trade unionists, committed socialists, and all manner people from different political and social backgrounds; people, I'm sorry to admit, I've often held a dim view of in the past.
Halton police said the demonstrators were arrested just after noon yesterday after demanding a meeting with Wescam management and refusing to leave when asked by security.
If the term marriage is to be ready physically and spiritually, which also must be considered and included in the list are pre-marriage establishment couples health. Not only physically fit but also to be considered wholesome according to the broad definition. Based on the definition of condition according to World condition club (Who) is a victorious state of physical, mental and social as a whole and not merely freedom from disease or disability. So pre-marital partner condition is important to retain the achievement of a persisting marriage till old age. Marriage can co-exist and adapt, can overcome his problems with the wise and mature.
Take up an artistic hobby. That is writing a book, paint, write poetry etc.
* Please post a separate comment for each extra entry.
Kenny West (REP) 7.66% 227
Even Environment Minister Elizabeth Thompson had no problem disenfranchising a Bajan citizen because he had a different skin colour than the Bajan majority. (Article & video here)
Admission: Free. Donations are accepted on behalf of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.
Benefits from: Corporation tax, top rate, protection of the city, bankers bonus scrap, new planning laws. Sounds fair to Mr Fare.
Some art is here to remind the audience of positive past memories and to provide a comfortable space in which to re-approach them from slightly different vantages. The interest in that type of art rests on those reconfigurations being inventive enough for the familiarized audience to want to follow them for a duration, but not so derivative as to make the effort seem not worth it. At the end, this type of art is at best supplementary to the original material: it might be conducive to an enjoyable time, but the exact tool it uses to be approachable (its reference of past art forms) serves also as the main reason for it being inessential.
At first, Rebecca Smith was relieved when she got a phone call from an FBI agent. It was October, just a few months after Smith had spent $30,000 on a real estate investment. The woman who sold her the deal, Karen Hanover, hadn’t come through on any of her promises, and Smith was worried.
"Wait a second, that olestra crap made people shit themselves, right? That stuff was horrible!" I say.
Coming home really IS the best part of going away. Home Sweet Home. (And another reminder of my Vision and Verb post today.)
This man quit his job, left his wife and children including his daughter who is the same age as the girlfriend and attended the same school. He and she claim that they did not have sex until after she turned eighteen however; he groomed this young woman into a relationship that turned sexual. In other cases, the child may be much younger where an Uncle or someone has spent time buying the child gifts and over months or years grooms the child into trusting them, only to then molest, sodomize, or sexually abuse them in some way. There are many variations of this kind of story.
I told ED about the lost child last night. I don’t speak about it much, it was so long ago now, almost 20 years… and it changes nothing about their lives growing up.
well mercifully this is the last week of wobbling post for tonight, as am tired and need to relax before going back to work to, well, sit in front of a better computer. So here are the details of Friday and Saturday.
次女の顎の下に、何かこぶのようなものができてしまいました。このこぶができたのは、実は過去6ヶ月の間で今回は2回目になります。原因をまだ突き止められていません。でも、本人はとても元気です。夫と私は決断しなくてはならない事がいくつかありました。決定した後で、本当にそれが良いのか迷ったり。でも直感で、なんとなく全て上手く行くような気がします。同時に、分からない事も常にあります。子育ては気弱ではやっていられませんね．．．
He was the ideal quiet neighbour, his loss of hearing a comfort to us on our sleepless nights with crying babies. Sociable when engaged, but innately insular, he kept to his home. He never had visitors, apart from the home care lady and his sons. As he became older and needed more help, we were invited by necessity into his home
Today we went to find a headstone. I have not been able to commit to looking for one, but I think we found the one today. It is a heart design, the lady from the monument company is sending outlines via e-mail of what it will look like with the wording on it. We decided we will have the flower holder installed so that maybe our flowers will not get mowed down! I was dreading doing this, up until we went looking. The first place we went, the prices were way higher for very plain headstones. The second place had beautiful stones for less than the first place and the woman working walked us right through everything. It was nice to have some guidance because we have never went headstone shopping and all I knew was what I did not want, and no ideas for what to look for.
Even though the calculated daily intake of Mn are higher than the recommended dietary allowance in all countries, these levels are still way below the tolerable upper limit.
I spent most of the day working on the laptop in the bedroom, doing my actual paid job.
There are new interviews with actors Zbigniew Zamachowski and Julie Delpy. They talk about how they met Kieslowski and were cast in White. They both talk about working with the director and how he was very exact in his methods with no improvisation.
I hope to outgrow this habit soon. It gives me the equivalent of a coffee headrush. Mind gets out of whack, and my brain felt like it had just bungee-jumped without the lifeline.
bobos—that is, bourgeois bohemians (the acronym works equally well in both languages), members of the liberal upper middle classes. Bobos are terribly eager to see themselves as the saviors of the world—that’s the bohemian side—and will do absolutely anything to fulfill this role, so long as it doesn’t require them to give up any of the benefits of their privileged status—that’s the bourgeois side.
Jack Wagner – had a daughter he didnt know about, and now he cant even say her name without whimpering. He’s dancing for her. To HIS song. Shameless. I still dont know who this guy is, but his dancing is nothing to write home about.
Quite obviously I need to get back on the sewing machine again so I have some beautiful and home crafted fashion to show and tell about....but for now, cup of earl grey tea in hand, enjoy a bit of Internet eye candy - and I hope you have the chance to talk about the birds and the bees on many occasions!
Tata Indigo Gemstones is a compact four door designed by Tata Motors The indian subcontinent. This kind of car is pretty popular among consumers and holds a good spot in the industry. So, at this point not one but two competitive sedans function together with Indian roads. Let’s look at cool features, specifications and also engine information of the two cars.
Or a general raises his hand and is given the field glasses,
When you’ve banged your head against the wall that is LA dating long enough, you give up on success on your own terms. So even after a couple of laughable set-ups by T (one guy secretly hooked up with my friend, the other barely spoke to me), when she suggested an afternoon outing with her friend M, I was immediately in. Immediately, because I knew of this guy and he was hot – the kind of hot that makes you click longingly through their Facebook photos on a regular basis for years on end (not that I did that).
Rabbit Hole – Dec 17 (Limited)
Belt:: Thrifted
Not a way to listen to music. LP stands for "Let's Play". People will often record themselves playing through a game for entertainment, or to provide a walkthrough, or to review the game. These videos are usually found on YouTube.
A quick footnote on the Santander-St Jean de Luz stretch. You know that bit at the end of the Italian Job with the truck hanging over the side of mountain…that’s the kind of thing that is par for the course on that stretch of road.
It was delicious, quick and easy to make and I can most definitely see it becoming a frequent flyer in our house!
The answer is: If possible, I will prepare all three responses! Why? Because each will be the optimal action in a particular set of circumstances.
Here's the next revision:
The first one was that my amazing husband and I celebrated 15 years of marriage!! We started our lives together on September 16, 1995. We were both very young. He was 18 and I was 19. We had people tell us that we would not make it. That was a very hard thing to hear when you are so young, but I am happy to say that even though we have been through some tough times, we are as happy and in love now as we were in 1995 and I believe that with God's help, we will have many more anniversary's to come!
I keep them in all of my gardens...
there's nothing like
Party Time and I hit a little impasse in our Credit Card Fraud scheme by the fact that we learned that a few online transactions require a Billing Address + we still can't come up with good cover for snapping folks' cards on our phones (ideas here would be appreciated).
The Task Force’s director, Commissioner Datuk Mohamed Fuzi Harun, confirmed the arrest but declined to elaborate.
I am grateful that all but one are in the hole at 20 metres!
FOLD into wet ingredients until just combined
Otherwise BN has no value to near 40% of the population (or even more by item 2, many Malays might want to choose a different religion or have no religion at all, a 20-30% figure means BN would be wiped out by sheer neglect to affirm UNHCR Article 18 . . . ) at all. Not-so-religious or non-Muslim Malay, Orang Asli, Indians, Chinese, will vote for BN only if the above 3 items are allowed.
I'm 23 years old and I've given up hope on finding the elusive Mr. Right, A.K.A. Prince Charming. I am fairly convinced that the Disney Prince Charming that was hammered into my brain as a little girl is really just a big farce that has completely distorted my perception of what I should look for in a man.
If January 1st is any indication of the days to come, then 2012 is looking to be a delicious year!
The DLR has one of the lowest levels of fare evasion on any railway in the world – approximately 3% - and TfL does all it can to encourage passengers to always touch in and touch out with signs, posters and PA announcements.
Suddenly you realize murder is at your elbow! - and there's no way out!
Apparently Mr Amis believes that writing for children means having to talk down to his audience. He says: "I say, 'If I had a serious brain injury I might well write a children's book', but otherwise the idea of being conscious of who you're directing the story to is anathema to me, because, in my view, fiction is freedom and any restraints on that are intolerable."
Firstly you want to duplicate the image, you can do this by pressing ctrl+a to make sure the image is selected, then to duplicate it press ctrl+d, if you are using gimp 2.8 you should see another tab open in the top left corner.
4. In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I’ve been turning over in my mind ever since.
Now normally I wouldn't have a problem with that, since a lot of good films come from this segment of the field. But Over The Top is not your average "out of left field " film. No: this was the result of a summit meeting between two of the biggest money-making camps of the 1980s.
ONE OTHER item that we might mention under "Nuclear Energy in Japan" has not to do with nuclear plants built in Japan, but rather nuclear plant components exported. Meredith Angwin recently made a highly popular guest post here at APR which followed another popular post on the steam generator situation at San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station in California. Meredith predicted, in that post, that derating the plants would be the most likely course of action but that the plants would both start up again. News over the last 48 hours has indicated just exactly that set of events will occur - SoCal Ed will apply to the NRC to restart the plants and operate them at a reduced power level for a testing period, after which they will be shut down and reinspected. Of course, at the center of this problem (and the relation to Japan) is the fact that the steam generators were built in Japan by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, are supposed to be improvements over the previous generators, and of course are warrantied. Not too much of a concrete manner has yet come out about who will pay a total of what, for what, but we can all bet that SoCal Ed would like to recoup much of its operating losses - and costs for the replacement work - from Mitsubishi, who apparently didn't guarantee any warranty coverage for outage (lost power generation revenue) on this job.. so far as this author can discern from reports at this time.
Until last night.
Today, the situation is so similar. It will only be with those people who are the “small jar of pure oil”. Those who feel the sacred mission of the Holy Land and its Jewish place in the destiny of the world, that Israel will again please G-d, regain its senses and begin to once again put the safety and necessity of Israel’s Jews first.
Truman also created the Psychological Strategy Board encouraging studies of “Soviet society” through a program of recruiting dissidents called Project CENIS – Centre for International Studies – at MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) directed by CFR operative Max Millikan.
Flapping up there in the wind.
One of the hardiest trees of all time though, has to be the Spathodea campanulata or African Tulip Tree. Out of shot in the photo above, to the right, there's a section where a mature Spathodea has been growing every since we moved in here. It was completely knocked over during Cyclone Yasi at the beginning of last year. It crashed through the fence over into our neighbour's yard, falling flat on the ground and exposing the root system.
I have been very quiet of late, someone told me once " if you haven't got anything to say, don't say anything", and I suppose I have had that in mind. Winter seems especially grey this year, and I must say I feel like I lost my mojo for a while there. But a nice break in Sydney, a few new adventures (cheese making, you will be hearing plenty about that in the coming weeks) and a bit of navel gazing and hello world, the crockpot is on & I am slowly coming back to a simmer. Hoping to reach a boil by summer:)
So why were some of Sam's pasties tainted? In one entry for 10th July 1666, he indicates that a pasty made in his kitchen was sent to the bakers - "At noon home to dinner and then to the office; the yarde being very full of women (I believe above three hundred) coming to get money for their husbands and friends that are prisoners in Holland; and they lay clamouring and swearing and cursing us, that my wife and I were afeard to send a venison-pasty that we have for supper to-night to the cook's to be baked, for fear of their offering violence to it: but it went, and no hurt done." So it looks like Mrs Pepys occasionally tried her hand at making them herself. But a venison pasty was more often made by a cook on the estate where the deer had been hunted. A whole boned side was encased in a pastry crust (usually rye paste) so these pasties were very large. When cool they were stored in a larder, where under cold conditions they could keep for months. The thick pastry casing prevented bacteria from entering and causing decay, at least for a while. It was a process equivalent to canning. However, this technique of preservation sometimes failed, as Sam found out to his disgust at Penn's dinners. Pasties were often sent from the country seats where the deer had been hunted, frequently to London, where they were much appreciated as gifts. Some travelled great distances. There are sixteenth century records of these great pasties being sent to France. Sam and his neighbour William Penn probably got hold of them, as well as raw venison meat from noble friends who owned deer parks. Venison was not a meat you could normally buy from a butcher.
The sun was setting when he finally crossed the state line into his native state. He would soon be bidding I-81 goodbye as its terminus at I-40 near Dandridge was only a few exits from his present position. Once again the finger of his mind ran over the mental map. His time on Interstate 40 would be brief as he would then have to pick up I-75. Once on 75 he would drive straight on through to Chattanooga.
I used to hestitate. I used to pause, evaluating the tolerance level of my audience before proceeding to what would inevitably in some way or other define the future interactions and relationship between myself and the curious inquirer.
Given the substantial impact which this decision could have on Dave TV's operations, with the potential need for a full rebrand and the risk of infringement proceedings, it is likely they will be considering all avenues for appeal. OHIM's questionable approach to the law of passing off might provide them with the answer they need. More generally, the case shows that, if a party wishes to bring an opposition under Article 8(4) of the Community Trade Mark Regulation, it is advisable to produce comprehensive evidence of its trading history, which might include sample clients and even industry awards. Ideally, this evidence should span a number of years and be generated from a variety of sources.
Sixty-four years ago, the United States became the first country in the world to recognize the State of Israel–the realization of a modern day state in the historic homeland of the Jewish People. Since that momentous day, the special bond of friendship between the United States and Israel has grown stronger. Ours is a unique relationship founded on an unbreakable commitment to Israel’s security, and anchored by our common interests and deeply held values. These values continue to enlighten and guide our efforts as we work with Israel, as well as with others in the region, to confront shared challenges and to achieve a just and comprehensive peace based on a two-state solution that will usher in a future of peace, security, and dignity for the people of Israel and its neighbors.
Fierce!
What’s at stake are not Democratic values or Republican values, but American values. We have to reclaim them.
Happy Monday everyone and if you are home today because of Presidents Day…enjoy! I am doing a project and then taking most of the day off…I’m claiming it as my Saturday and enjoying it a bit. Hubby and kids are home and I’m recovering from Texas trip and the 8 teenage boys that ravaged my house last night. Don’t know what I’m talking about…well then read post below this (or click here) for a laugh at my expense yes, its ok LOL. Seriously I need a break from incidents or else I feel like I might DIE heehee…boring is GOOD…I want some boring ok, so if you have some extra send it to me.
This Sunday, I woke up at 7:00am to catch a flight to New York City from Chicago. Not only did I wake up anxious to begin my new journey in the Big Apple, I also woke up without a voice.
When I was eighteen, I went to Exeter to study Ancient History and Archaeology, then did a Masters in Egyptology at Birmingham. After that I lived in Greece for a year working as a teacher. Teaching was okay, but I wasn't sure it was for me, so I tried a number different careers, hoping one would spark my interest. Unfortunately, nothing else much appealed barring writing. However, I did work as an intern in some publishing houses a few years a ago and would like to work as an editor as well as a writer (if anyone would have me!).
I paid 7.50 for the shit.
Update: I’ve written a comment below responding to some questions and clarifying my point a little. Thanks for the feedback, everyone!
There is a living tension, a line running between what can be achieved and what we cannot do.
Both my broken wings,
Thanks Krystal for this wonderful opportunity to cased you.
I was recently cleaning some stained kitchen utensils with a homemade solution I read about on another blog. The magical homemade cleaning solution is a mixture of hydrogen peroxide and baking soda. You put a half cup or so of baking soda in a bowl and add hydrogen peroxide until it’s a little wetter than a paste. It’s great for reviving stained cookware and pans. So, anyway, as I was standing at the sink, using it on my vegetable peeler, I looked down and mused about whether this would make the grout on my ceramic tile kitchen floor look better. I decided to try it.
Congratulations to all the winners, and many, many thanks to all of you who submitted. I'll be needing additional guest posts throughout the summer, so there'll be many more opportunities for y'all to submit—and keep in mind that I'm always looking for timely guest posts to run on Tuesdays and Thursdays!
Related articles
i'm not exactly writing this from the i've-got-it-all-figured-out perspective.
May ~ Flower, Milk or Dyad Moon
“Site blocked”
skeletal
Unfortunately, we didn't find anything that caught our eye. Or as Lindsay might tell you, "there was too much blue in all of the carpets and we don't have any blue in our house." Alas, our little known dream of purchasing a carpet from a warehouse in the back alley of a strange neighborhood in Delhi was dead. At least we have the experience. I'm sure when we're staring at whatever rug we ultimately purchase, the lasting memory will be that of Farooq's warehouse; honestly, it may even become the story I tell when I grow old.
But what I was dying to try was the Tacos al Pastor, a shawarma-style dish made of marinated, slow-roasted pork loin cut off in juicy shavings that rest on a soft tortilla. It was just as good as I hoped it would be.
LJ - 22' 4.25" - Elva Goulbourne, Auburn - '03
I'm a big Mary Englebreit fan. I used to subscribe to her magazine, Mary Englebreit's Home Companion. It's no longer being published, but I cherish all the issues I have as if they were golden. Yesterday, while browsing through the April/May 2004 issue, I came across an article which featured little handmade felt dresses, skirts and shorts by South American artist Lluba Obando Choi. I loved them, and just had to try some myself. It was fun, and again a little different than what I usually do.
TRACKS…. : 01
But don’t let anyone convince you that we don’t already stand under the shower of God’s good words and great love pouring over us. Jesus is making sure of that.
Now maybe this other lady was doing the whole “zen” sports thing, where she just showed up, rowed her own race, and then went home, happy she gave it her all.
How the cloud will impact U.S. job creation is unclear now. Although the manufacturing sector of the technology industry continues to shed jobs, jobs in software services are growing, according to Global Corporate XPansion.
03. Master Program – Central Europe (7:12)
Socalledauthor writes: Child abductions are not more frequent now than they were, however, they ARE more publicized. In my town (a semi-rural area), there was a child abducted in 1928. It got about two paragraphs in the local paper about how she was walking home from school and didn’t make it… when she was found, there was another small article.
Casey’s Pizza does Sansome and Pine, SF today, 11-2!
And, in fact, the very title of Lenin's famous essay, "Left-wing Communism, an infantile disorder" shows that Lenin himself shared the judgement that he was a Right-wing sort of Marxist. Mussolini was somewhat further Right again, of course, but both were to the Right only WITHIN the overall far-Left camp of the day.
So, for a grand total of $12 I got all of these great things. Oh, and one other frame that I’m already using for wedding pictures.
has a solo project called "The Bepstein Show" where he plays along to
½ tsp Fine sea salt
You never asked.
What I can say for sure is brining works big time. Don't even bother roasting one if it hasn't been brined, in my opinion. The good news is that Trader Joe's sells ones that are already brined! For like $1.99/lb.! So you don't have to use a huge garbage bag of salt water in a cooler (or bathtub of ice, which happened to me one year as I recall). Oh, and it is my understanding that kosher turkeys have already been salt treated so they are (effectively) brined, so if you can find one of those, that will save you some time as well.
5: They occur when the Sun is at 26 Sagittarius, 22 Pisces, 18 Gemini and 14 Virgo.
As always we have some great prizes up for grabs and we are also looking for 2 or 3 guest designers for our September challenge.
And on the 5th day…
My Eastern European peasant stock cannot be disguised, much as I may long to be a true gym rat with jutting vertebrae and hipbones.
Here is the next swap that Kimberly is hosting. April in Paris. Did you say that in your mind or did you sing that in your mind? I always sing it. Check out her blog for details as you still have time to enter.
Picture books use words and meaning together to create a story and meaning, if each part is understandable on it own it is not a picture book.
Customer reviews & ratings of Houzer A2522-65BS4-1 Glowtone 25-by-22-Inch ADA Compliant Single Bowl Drop-In Stainless Steel Sink with Four Faucet Holes are available in the merchant’s site, check it by visit the link below.
Siem Reap is like going to Disneyland. It's a town purely built around tourism. Sorry if it's a newsflash for those planning trips to Angkor Wat, but going there is not seeing the real Cambodia. It's like a dream being there. I'm not saying I look down on it or anything, because let's be real, after being at site with ramen noodles being the closest thing to western food that you eat for two months, I worship Siem Reap. The best western food I've had in all of Cambodia? Hands down in Siem Reap. It was rough calculating how much we spent just on food this weekend. All the money we've been saving by eating cheap Khmer food is suddenly gone, and has most likely appeared on my waistline.
It was coming in underneath the door and bursting up in a fountain from the toilet. He sank back into the sofa, letting his feet soak in the dark, rising waters and switched on the telly. The weather forecast was on. It was raining apparently.
Mom left us! She went to Naahville to play with another dog! Luckily my hu-man brudder is taking care of us! He feeds us and takes us for walkies! And before mom left, she set up a special lunchtime petsitter visit for us! So we get to giro the park and play! This was Ceilidh's first time being taken out by MY petsitter! She was ok! She didn't act up and actually sat for a picture!!
22:00 GMT: All quiet, no shots audible for some hours now. It seems the junta troops have reestablished control. I’d heard that soldiers had taken over the city’s two principal bridges over the Niger, but a friend who crossed the Pont Fahd four hours ago told me he saw no soldiers on or near it.
Duration: 1 (1/rnd)
These declarations of war on integration from February, 2008 in Cologne and March, 2011 in Düsseldorf were fired off before an inflamed crowd of 18,000 people by the man who will receive the “Steiger Award for the Tolerance, Humaneness and Growing Together of Europe” — Recep Tayyip Erdogan, president of Turkey.
The society grew. The first annual convention was held in 1910, and by 1917 they were active on 61 campuses and a dozen graduate schools. Other early activists included W. E. B. DuBois, who would become an official of the NAACP and later a Communist Party member, and Victor L. Berger of Wisconsin, who became the first Socialist elected to Congress.
The design is very clear, it is very easy to use, and it works!
Favorite color: Red
i just love the combination of morrocan-inspired patterns with viney florals in this serena & lily bedding collection on the crib. i think it's a perfect balance of whimsy and eclecticism, without being too bold. so pretty!
‘Well, I know you’re the doctor, but I honestly don’t believe this is depression.’ Nope, that didn’t quite answer the question, but my brain had kind of reverted to Planned Speech mode.
The PS90 easily disassembles with the push of a single button into two parts that fit in the bag; because there is no gas system it is also very easy to clean. The two extra rifle magazine pouches are accessible while wearing the pack. The lower exterior pocket contains the FAK. The rain cover keeps things dry and looking
“Oh…” Laughing a little, Bob looked back at the silent Reese. Reese just stared at him, a small frown on his face. Bob wanted to get him to talk for himself, Bob playfully tapping Reese’s knee. “So do you like pancakes Reese?”
Then there are the other life changes and challenges…. hopes and disappointments…. we all have them.
Because I can only do so much and really have no control of how my niece is parented by her parents I feel impotent to intervene with her and on her behalf. More than anything I am afraid that her electronic life is going to horrifically derail her future life. These kids have no concept of how they are presenting themselves to the world and quite literally they are putting their whole lives out there for judgement...they have no sense that what they write on these HEINOUS "networking" sites can be damaging to them in far reaching ways.
The Nightrunners are back in this gripping novel full of Lynn Flewelling’s trademark action, intrigue, and richly imagined characters.
The assault on the universities
Some dreams are easily obtainable, some are harder to achieve and other may, at times, seem impossible, but that doesn't stop you striving for them.
It is noted that there is demand for residential investment property, specifically apartment blocks and reference is made to a number of transactions understood to have recently completed. The €40m sale of the Alliance building off of Barrow Street to Kennedy Wilson still hasn’t completed apparently.
The government has announced that it no longer recognises Kgosi Kgafela of Bakgatla and that he will no longer exercise nor perform any powers or official duties relating to tribal administration structures in the Kgatleng District.
Cousin 'IT' (Jackson) is driving Mom a bit crazy. EVERY day between 4 and 6 pm the Corgi that lives behind us comes out into the yard and Mr Barky spends 2 hours non-stop barking barking and barking - so much he causes himself to wheeze. For some reason he REALLY doesn't the corgi and it not that just barking to say hello barking - this is serious "I'm going to kill you if you come near my fence" type of barking. Mom has been closing the door to stop him but it's like he has a built in alarm clock and dead on 4 o'clock he starts whining to go out.
In real news we’re a bit thin on the ground. Gro Harlem Brundtland becomes Prime Minister of Norway, while Wojciech Jaruzelski becomes Prime Minister of Poland and immediately begins trying to find an excuse to impose martial law. And the Stardust Fire happens in Dublin, killing 48 and teaching everyone an important lesson about not locking the fire exits that continues to periodically and fatally be ignored. On a related note, 21 people die in the Karaiskakis Stadium disaster in Greece, likely because of a failure to open an exit gate enough.
Obese men rack up an additional $1,152 a year in medical spending, especially for hospitalizations and prescription drugs, Cawley and Chad Meyerhoefer of Lehigh University reported in January in the Journal of Health Economics. Obese women account for an extra $3,613 a year. Using data from 9,852 men (average BMI: 28) and 13,837 women (average BMI: 27) ages 20 to 64, among whom 28 percent were obese, the researchers found even higher costs among the uninsured: annual medical spending for an obese person was $3,271 compared with $512 for the non-obese.
- I have really pretty cats. They are both all black and they rule!!
Smooth as raven’s claws
Celebrate the repeal today, I will.
Private rents have tended to fall in line with rent allowance even though many landlords will not accept rent allowance tenants. The betting on here is that private rents will come under pressure in the short term but it might take a couple of months for the changes to feed through as most renters will have a couple of months to renegotiate their rents or move.
* Cuttlebug embossing folder: Swiss Dots
In 1801, Beethoven confessed to his friends at Bonn his worry of becoming deaf. At Heiligenstadt, in 1802, he wrote a famous text which expressed his disgust at the unfairness of life, that he, a musician, could become deaf was something he did not want to live through. But, music made him carry on and he wrote that he knew that he still had many other musical domains to explore, to discover, and to pass on. Beethoven did not commit suicide, rather, knowing that his handicap was getting worse and worse. He threw himself into his greatest Beethoven music; Sonatas for Piano (notably The Storm, Opus 31), the second and the third symphonies – The Eroica and of course many more.
Its something quite personal but i just wanted to share hope you will like it or you will get serious in achieving your goal…..
The weather is on the turn now so I will move into the green house and pot on chilli and peppers.
This is the time of year when we start talking about seeds and butterflies and frogs, and the circles of life associated with them. Seed, sprout, leaves, grow-grow-grow, flowers, fruit, seed, sprout, leaves, grow-grow-grow, flowers, fruit, seed, sprout . . .
Don’t forget to stop by and say, ‘hi’! We’ll do this again next week!
Around the Copic warehouse live 6 cats that were abandoned and are now adopted by our crew. Four of the cats are all black, so sometimes just walking to the door at work I'll have a couple black cats cross my path, but I never seem to have an unlucky day because of it. Each of the cats now has a rich, glossy winter coat of fur.
I still use my daisy dishware every day. Not only is it lovely, the set is a reminder of everything that I have gone through to get where I am. An actual physical token of my journey from Japan, to Canada, and back to Florida. I love dining on memories.
35. That Little Old Graverobber Me - Don Hinson & The Rigamorticians
The raspberries turned to mush.
Most interestingly, Michael Grade said he would not have commissioned ITV’s Britain’s Got Talent series (which he likes) because he wouldn’t have thought it would be possible to get so many interesting acts.
"Fucking fuck," I finally said. It wasn't just the flowers that got me, but everything: working and struggling, missing Chuck, tripping on laundry, registering children for kindergarten, finding waffles stuck to my ass when I get out of the car, misplacing glasses, burning toast, the cat meowing, wet towels on doorknobs.
I grabbed his hand and placed it firmly in his palm.
For a Beauty and the Beast story told from the perspective of the beast, I would have hoped for a little more in the way of low self-esteem based on what he thought, rather than because of what others think, but overall, Beastly is a pretty good story. With a strong message of its what’s on the inside that counts, and an uplifting ending, Beastly could open the eyes of those who are short sighted.
"This chair is nice and moves. This table has to move. It has wheels, it has too."
The cat was out and about once more when I heard that idiot's voice soar. Drazin? Gung? Ho? The Beyonder? Tarsier Man? Nope! You at the end of your rope? For it was that Riot Man dope. He was whining about everything from bags to soap.
This Friday marks the final opening of Foundation Gallery. Yes, another gallery in Chicago is moving on. Not to oblivion, as in some cases, just the city on a fault line, Los Angeles. Art or Idiocy? spoke with one of the directors of Foundation via email leading up to this announcement and she stated that, “Chicago just cannot support the gallery and our personal goals. Its time to move on, sadly.” Foundation Gallery has provided a unique vision of art to the Chicago scene that will be missed. Foundation’s exhibitions have featured art and design collectives and work that merges the sometimes disparate fields of commercial work, and work for it’s own sake.
his followers, becoming free of grid-locked freeways,
Thank you to everyone else who left comments, it's lovely to hear from you and very much appreciated, as always.
After the performance the kids said to me that prior to going on stage they were quite nervous, but that they had so much fun and want to do it again.
The good news for my son and for those of us living up north:
Woodn’t that be lovely!?
2.) Removing Fear -
Talking about my beautiful babies....
When I finished high school in 2001, I was offered several scholarships to Otterbein College, where I'd be in a top-notch Theater program. All the scholarships put together paid for tuition and housing, so off I went with a beard I'd recently taken to wearing long and uncut and long hair to match. I brought my little brother and sister up to see campus when I moved in: a friend later told me that when he saw me for the first time, I was holding my six-year-old sister by the hand, pointing up toward what was actually my dorm room but he mistook for the heavens. Jesus is here, he thought. I am seeing a vision of Jesus on our campus.
And yet, everyone seems to be in constant search for love… even those already married or seeing someone! The quest for that “perfect soul mate” has ruined many a lives in the past and will continue to do so in the future… whatever happened to the concept of “Eternal love”? People use the word “love” to depict their ulterior motives… They often confuse love with lust, obssession and what not! Are we running behind an illusion, which is anything but love?
11And houses full of all good things, which thou filledst not, and wells digged, which thou diggedst not, vineyards and olive trees, which thou plantedst not; when thou shalt have eaten and be full;
* 1/4 tsp pepper
Mr Bull took out a grievance, but the matter was not properly investigated by the council.
But to be truly open-minded is to investigate even seemingly rigid, arid and authoritarian practices to discover if there is anything of value within. It’s about coming full-circle and getting past one’s preconceived beliefs about intellectual and spiritual freedom. It’s also about humbly recognizing the limits of the intellect and understanding how past and present influences may inform our preferences, thoughts and opinions.
My sweet children bought me a piece of the soap I love so much, aleppo soap. Since I got a bit older, I wouldn't want to use any other soap.
So I headed off to Home Depot with my measurements, and purchased 4 flanges, 2 pipes, cut to size and threaded by the nice people at Home Depot, and 2 elbows for the regular window.
And so we find kids still in their teens signing loans for tens of thousands of dollars. It is not uncommon for these kids to find themselves, just a few years later, with a B.A. and $200,000 worth of debt.
The third verse has as its central theme one of Cohen’s most frequently occurring themes – lost love. The “bitter voice” reminds the protagonist of his previous love affair, with the implication that it is over long since, and that the memory of it (and possibly the end of the affair) is to prove a catalyst to the suicide attempt: That’s a hard one to remember, yes it makes you clench your fist. The description of the affair is typically Cohen; he speaks of the colour of her hair, makes an allusion to something sensual (in this case, fruit), and blurs the lines between acceptable adult romance and a more paternal feeling: there were times she was a woman, oh, there were times she was just a child, while also giving the affair an already darker edge, speaking of shadows. The word “highways” is particularly noteable here not just for the idea of taking a journey out of life by slitting the veins that “stand out like highways”, but in the wider context – “highways” are a a regular visitor to Cohen’s texts, in pieces such as The Stranger Song, or as roads (Stories of the Street). The idea of journeys, be they curtailed, about to begin or nervously avoided, is ever-prevalent.
It is with tons of excitedment that I can introduce Miss Penelope Doroth.y Marquez! Penny for short. She was born Friday March 23rd at 5:12 AM.
Today my Marcus is eight years old! Josh and I were in the room when he was born eight years ago and I was the first person to hold him. I love this kid. :)
I love the fact that some artists are getting paid what they deserve and are renown worldwide, but this is the only side we seem to see on TV or online is this domination of wealth again substance. It still leaves the rest of music thinking that the Art form of Rap music is a sub-species and not as creative as singing or playing an instrument. Graffiti is now almost a fashionable addition to modern art and not a central piece. That’s why we love
Q: How many Hayden Kho Jrs does it take to change a light bulb?
No matter how hard we've tried.
Now here's an interesting guy: a former English Lit teacher at Mississippi State College, he was later a radio station manager, TV studio manager, commercial director and later became half-owner in a production company that belted out many small exploitation dealies in Chicago. It was here where he met exploitation producer David F. Friedman and with him made such goofball nudie screwball comedies as B-O-I-N-N-G, The Adventures Of Lucky Pierre, Goldilocks And The Three Bares and Bell Bare And Beautiful.
58. Try Pilates
Mildred tries to keep some humor in a humorless situation and asks if there’s any particular part she hates. Veda says no, just all of it, as she helps herself to a cigarette and tosses the match onto the carpet with a nasty “what’re you going to do about it” look at her mother. This young actress is brilliant. I hate Veda so much. Mildred tells her to put out the cigarette and pick up the match. “Like hell I will,” says Veda. Mildred so clearly has no idea what to do here, and instead of taking the cigarette away, sending the daughter to her room, and forcing her to work in the restaurant for a few weeks to get some perspective, she walks over and slaps Veda, who just slaps her right back.
Universities in England will have to compete against each other and private providers for a quarter of their student places. Universities Minister David Willetts has published plans to increase market forces in higher education in England.Promising to put “students in the driving seat”, he also announced there would be 20,000 places reserved for degrees with fees of less than £7,500.
Instead of taking every effective measure to cull information from terrorists, the current administration threatens CIA agents with prosecution for keeping us safe.
In her decision Judge Rup wrote: "Like many retired persons, the Paczkowskis maintain two residences and divide their time between the two locations. While they may have focused their lives in Florida for over 20 years, it is reasonable to accept that they have now decided to re-focus their lives on the community where Richard was raised and they began their married life."
I could easily have approached my response in one of these ways, and if I looked hard enough I'm sure that I have written about each one of them in depth before. But these issues were not what struck me; what struck me most was this:
Here's an unadorned example of how the "Kindle for the Web" Sample script looks in a blog post:
Happy Stamping!!
My favorite book is always the one that is coming to life slowly in my sketches.
Back to the Premier League. The appointment of Roy Hodgson has evoked much sympathy for Harry Redknapp in the media. The new England manager referred to his “empathy” with the Tottenham manager and from a selfish point of view, I hope that this does not give Tottenham some renewed vigour with which to end the season. Hodgson is multi-linguist which will not be of much use with the England squad or media; he needs to be good at drawing to be able to get his messages across to them.
chocolate covered almonds (protein AND antioxidants!)
$4.00 off Any Benefiber Product
I was hopeful that this would nip her issue in the bud, but now she wants nothing to do with the crayons as far as coloring is concerned. She said they're "too hard." :( However, she does enjoy trying to stack them as high as she can. Hmpf.
My store of heartiest joy.
The surprises in the novel for me were technological. As I followed the main character, John Matherson, through his traumatized community, I gradually discovered more and more things (beyond the obvious) that had been affected--things that I would never have imagined to be vulnerable or that I would never have even thought about. I will give you one example: commercial airliners. Surely, these would keep on flying since they run on liquid fuels, not electricity. Alas, the complex electronics in modern airliners freeze up after an EMP strike. And, that means that the thousands of them in the sky at the time would plummet to the ground or into the sea. There are no mechanical joysticks in such aircraft; everything is controlled by computers and electronics. As the story continues, the list of vulnerable gadgets and systems just keeps growing, and it is an awesome and disturbing one.
You're right.
At some point of her life, the girl found out that her dreams were just unmatched with the reality. She found herself to be demanded by the surroundings. The people around her expected her to be this and that. She was trying her best to please everyone. Maybe that was one of her minor personality. She wanted to please everyone. Was it because she wanted to be loved by everyone? Why was it so? Was it because she felt unloved, at all? Well, enough for the psychoanalysis.
It was in this breath that we became a soul.
Stamps:: My Cuppa' Joe
"What North has achieved here is admirable", he writes, leaving me purring so loudly they are ganging up to evict me from the "quiet coach" where I temporarily reside.
I'm back on the weight watchers now that I've manage to gain about 8 lbs from my low a few months ago. Though I think this last measurement was too high because I didn't work out all week and we just ate out the whole time, but the scale doesn't lie. So I took it easy on the food today, went to town on some crystal light, and now have enough points for two more beers. Problem is, the wife is going to stay out all night (probably with her boyfriend), so I can't let 'er rip on the imperial beers anyway, baby and all.
I remember the spin art kit my kids played with when they were young. Well, when I was watching my granddaughter (before she started school), we would spend some time playing on the computer. One of her favorite places was nickjr. and we found a spot where you could generate spin art. We made sheets and sheets of spin art and printed a lot of them. I have since made a few of these on my own and found that it is better to email them to myself and then print from the image I save from the email. I can get two spin arts on a page and resize if I like. If you check this site out, you have to move the bottle around quite a bit to get it to put down color. It is a lot of fun, even if you are a tad older than a Nickjr.
"They don't know the true facts about our theatre activity. Somehow, they have been manipulated, they are getting it wrong. It is important to emphasise, we express our political views in many of our projects. But like other theatre companies and dance companies in Israel, we are state-financed, and financially supported to perform all over the country. This is the law. We have no choice. We have to go, otherwise there is no financial support. It is not easy. We have to be pragmatic." Of the 1,500 performances given by the company every year, he said that about "four or five" were in the Ariel settlement in the West Bank. "It is a little bit out of proportion to represent us this way.
One way of answering this question would be to deny the legacy publishing model is suboptimal at all. You could also respond by acknowledging some degree of suboptimal behavior, while denying that the behavior is the result of a lack of competition. I doubt I'd be persuaded by such arguments, but I would welcome them because they'd be on point.
Wilson’s Candy (Jeannette)
Of course, I had to look up the game on the ticket stub. It was a 3-1 victory by the Dodgers, and Loney was the star of the show! He went 2-for-3 with 2 RBIs and hit a home run in the seventh inning.
What I got myself into was…
This title holds alot of weight… seriously. It may be bright and gaudy, but the Mirrorball means more than just a big bling-ball for your mantle. Past winners have gone on to catapoult their careers to new heights… you’re almost guaranteed your own show, hosting gig, morning/late night show rounds and a People Magazine cover.
I was satisfied when one student said, "Man, we do everything- car wash, christmas chicken dinner, now football in the rain!" And I expected some repirmand from the principal, as we sat musty and excited during the 2nd quarter awards ceremony for the last hour of the day.
If it’s an outdoor wedding you’re planning, the magnificent grounds complete with lush gardens, and enchanting gazebo provides a picture perfect setting for the ceremony or reception. If you’d prefer to hold your event indoors, Mission Valley Resort offers a full size formal ballroom, and smaller banquet rooms it you are throwing a more intimate affair. State of the art equipment is built-in to each elegantly decorated indoor event facilities should you want to include a media presentation for your guests.
And so it is written- and it has been spoken for many centuries before it was written- that those who do the Will of God shall be called the children of God. Who would know God’s Will so perfectly to be able to identify those who do God’s will and then to call them the children of God?
Ma Beastie’s Chick Pea Curry (the eating of which usually leads to unfortunate gastric incidents).
College of the Holy Cross
When Palin’s ad came out, the leftocracy went on and on about how she “crossed the line!” By the way, isn’t it funny how the right is always “crossing the line”? But for some reason calling Bush a Nazi and a war criminal; denouncing our troops as stupid, uneducated, hick dupes and cold-blooded murderers; calling the Iraq War “lost” while our troops were in harm’s way; publishing a full-page NYT ad reading “General Betray-Us;” the NYT adorning its front pages with classified information that hampered our war effort; and giving an endless forum for anti-American opportunists like Cindy Sheehan were never considered “crossing the line”? ‘M just sayin’.
i thought painting the two end chairs was going to be a quick and easy project.
Place on a parchment lined baking sheet and bake 20-25 minutes.
But suspended lazily in a perpetual wait
So anyway…sounded interesting. Sounded like something I need. I’m hopeful and expectant that God will use this process, this “challenge,” to do some needed things in my life. I will update here, as always.
When your favorite restaurants close, there is always a mourning period. Sometimes, you know that they are going to be gone forever, but in other cases, you get a glimmer of hope, hearing rumors that they may open again somewhere else.
Mike Fuller: 2. During The Amendment. There Will Be A Vote Of The Congress In September Because It Is Necessary For Our Immigration Policy!
A longer description of the factual background appears on the IPKat this morning, here. This post focuses on what the Court of Appeal said about the Court of Justice of the European Union ruling in Case C-5/08 Infopaq, which has caused a good deal of consternation in copyright circles of late. The question before the Court of Appeal at this juncture was whether a headline could be protected by copyright as an original literary work. Said the Court:
was writing swears.)
I am now catching my breath!
Today in Italy, women (and hopefully even men) will be demonstrating in honour of Women, the real women, against the horrible way in which women are portrayed by the media and generally in everyday life.
THANKS! Thank you to Kathleen and Shawna for their tips!
Hold on, I've just gotta check twitter.
Coen’s eccentric genius is revealed again in THE DAY THE WORLD ENDS (Broadway Paperbacks Original, on sale April 3, 2012), a collection of poems that offers humor and provides insight into an artist who has always pushed the boundaries of his craft. THE DAY THE WORLD ENDS is a remarkable range of poems that are as funny, ribald, provocative, raw, and often touching as the brilliant films that have made the Coen brothers cult legends.
Meatballs and tomato slices (Trader Joe's has all-natural meatballs)
1. Breaches of contract are actionable per se
Studying the shoes and their chronological sequence is an interesting peek into my shoe psyche. Although I clearly show a frivolous side early on (lime green pumps), I stick to mostly brown, black, and, the classic, red for the first few years. (Not pictured here are two pairs of black pumps, a pair of khaki pumps, and one pair each of black and khaki slingbacks that I wore to death.) As I progressed through the Maslow hierarchy of needs (red, black, and brown shoes = the physiological needs and safety), brightly colored shoes met my requirements for love, belonging, and esteem, until I finally reach self-actualization with a pair of freakin rad plaid pumps.
Side table / ottoman - Calypso by Target. Cost : $50 (used completion discount plus 5% credit card discount).
Children in need of healing.
Spring rolls .. are something I have always fancied .. Given a chance , the first thing I would order in my starters is this lovely apeitiser.
In Genevieve’s conversations with Bar­ack, her family was seldom a topic. Barack provided an escape from all that, a sanctuary. She felt that she had far more in common with him than with her relatives. “That wasn’t my world,” she said of the social circles of her mother and stepfather and father. “I was through and through infused with the sense of being an outsider, like Barack was.”
However, inside the box was this little bit of buzz-killing reading. Really? A nutritional brochure for See's candy? Because that's what people stuffing their face with the vanilla cremes want to know?
Did you celebrate when CM Punk won the title from John Cena back in Chicago way back when? How about when Daniel Bryan pinned the Big Show? When Zack Ryder finally climbed the tower to achieve his first official championship, despite his custom made title carrying a lot more weight (no pun intended)? Let me make it perfectly clear: you can count on one hand how many titles in the big two companies of professional wrestling are worth even a fourth of a damn. Why, you may be asking? Because the titles are merely for show now.
I explained how they are right about this, because it fits the nominating pattern that the GOP follows perfectly. And it is still depressing as all get out.
Will: Government harms freedom and equality
Serena Williams
Waking up with a bruise/ sore muscle or two, I may well have called in sick if it was a week day – too ill for the usual farce of struggling to hide my hangover all day.
Executive Law § 807, regarding Local land use programs, uses "adoption" as similar to "enactment," rather than filing:
But it was Shakir's broken marriage, her life as a single mother, her charisma, and most of all her early death that Marvi was drawn to.That same "yearning, vulnerable intimacy beyond technique" can be heard at some points in Hussein's own narrative, as when Mehran comes to see that his essential condition is solitude, and that, unlike the cloud messenger of Kalidasa's Meghduta who carries a message from the lover to his beloved, in his own case he must "be a messenger to himself, carrying stories from the places of his past to his present place, and back again from present to past."
bashing the chicken pieces flat
And that is a victory testimony, isn't it?
hence the droopy eyes and crazy hair.
From the press release:
There were a few people selling drinks and snacks so we were able to get some cold cokes which was nice. We were lucky in that our border stop only took about an hour on the way there. We were prepared for about two based on our friends experiences a couple weeks before.
Seldom do you see
I like the feel of pen to paper. Although about ninety percent of what I write I write on a computer, I love that early morning time of day, when I sit in a comfortable chair, with journal in my lap, and write whatever is on my mind.
This started a spirited discussion about whether proper spelling, punctuation, and grammar were necessary in a social networking environment. Some didn't mind computer speak, some hated it. Some thought improper grammar looked really bad, others thought a spelling mistake or two was no big deal.
Deep frying with good smoking point oil (at least 400ºF) such as canola, corn, safflower, sunflower, and peanut oils are great choice.
Frenchy : "euuuuh oui, yessss, hi am ear."
A search term showed up on my blog the other day…
Okay, enough of my opinions. Here’s a poll. Tell me who you want to win:
Final Friends Trilogy by Christopher Pike--Just read these a week or two ago, still great.
Which is why films can seem so dated. It’s not just that it takes two years to make a film and technology changes so fast these days that it’s hard for filmmakers to keep up. It’s also that it is less interesting. A character going to the library is infinitely more interesting than a character sitting at his computer.
My new green jacket from Roxy, I really like that color green
At the same time we launch our collection of roman blinds in linen. /Vivian
Record Label: Prestige (Original), Beat Goes Public (Reissue)
Clarity, Communication, Cohesion and Continuity:
So our very own Jade Ashton Scully has been busy! Check out these amazing photos of a concept shoot she organised with makeup artist, Marieke Sixx and photographer, Mads Norgaard.
The point I’m making here is that the Orange River Valley region in the Northern Cape shows a fairly large region, scattered with a predominant White population, but yet that region is left out from most proposals.
“It’s always exciting,” Grimm said. “It’s easy to be optimistic in the spring.”
As an introvert, writing is never the same as thinking/reflecting for me because writing takes place in the external world. In particular–there is always a lag between the two. I think and reflect first–often for a while–and only after thoughts are collected and organized–are they then written in what is a fairly permanent and enduring form. For extraverts–this might be different… or maybe not. I know that for me–writing is very similar to talking–I almost never do either without first thinking exactly about what I want to express–whereas I know a number of extraverts who quite often use speech and talking with others as a way of doing their thinking/processing–because, for them, the external world is the primary reality–and thus–to make a thought real, it has to appear in this external world. Just thinking about it internally doesn’t seem as real to them…
Citizenship: France
No, the picture background is a digitised add on, but that is really me. You get your photo taken as you start the visit, and then there’s a place to see it on the observation desk, and select your preferred background. Most amazingly, to get the picture by email, is free! Thats right, I couldnt believe it either, especially over here!
By using the word track, “Tell me more”, your Team Member was able to define exactly what the Client meant and did not assume what the Client meant. And we all know the definition of “assume”……..
Today from 1-5, I shall be at the gallery for Sunday on Paseo creek :) a Really lovely time..& it is so nice outside:)
Let me start this post by enumerating why people hate fat people:
We’ve Done it A Lot…
The airline describes the charge as an…..
Causes and symptoms
The keyboard is another area to consider when buying a laptop. Why is the size of the keyboard important? A larger laptop will have a slightly larger keyboard area. But keep in mind that if you worry about your fingers or wrists taking on too much stress from typing on a keyboard that is too small, you may want this to be a main factor in your purchasing decision,
I’m not sure if it’s a lie that I tell myself or a lie that the enemy has convinced me to believe, but I struggle with thinking that I don’t read my Bible enough, that I don’t pray enough, that I’m just not good enough. While I do desire to grow in my walk with the Lord, I know that my future isn’t dependent on how often I pray, read my Bible or how good I try to be … that there’s nothing I can do to make Jesus love me more nor is there anything I can do to make Him love me less. But in this performance-driven world, it’s too easy for me to begin to believe the lies that the enemy keeps telling me.
6. As of know, you are arguably the 2nd worst President America has ever had. Who knows, you might even beat George Bush to the title before long.
“Hahahahaha… heh… oh, you’re serious? Yeah, I think it still has a phone feature on it. However, it only picks up reception if you stand on one foot, on a bridge, while holding tinfoil.”
What better way to look at body image and self-perception than by looking at a story everyone knows pretty well, and one of the oldest stories around that deals with looks, Beauty and the Beast. Alex Flinn has made this story a lot easier to discuss for this subject by having her re-telling, Beastly, set in modern times, with characters we can all recognise, and with the beast telling his story.
The boardroom doors were thrown open by a man in a hurry.
On the nose - Granary loaf oats and seeds. Faint straw. Rather yummy.
Whatever the reason, a daily solution is still (as it was for grandad) sock garters, and among the nicest are those made by Swan Clothing. An accessory company started by Tara Bethune-Leamen 2005, she has previously focused on women’s accessories, however her luxury sock garters could be considered a first foray into the men’s room, so to speak. These garters are ultimately unisex — not entirely surprising since women have historically co-opted our dry goods and looked better in them (e.g. The Night Porter and what Ms Rampling did for peaked officer caps/suspenders); as such, one shouldn’t be alarmed when visiting the Swan Clothing website. You will find a shapely set of lady’s gams modeling them for you which, frankly, I reckon as a bonus. If only Polo did that with bow ties; I’d buy even more.
9. Party Diktator - "Big Mouth"
Several books are in a storage unit so I'd better get cracking or part of my reading day will be spent going through boxes.
THIRTY years! And we started talking as if no time had gone by. It was soooooo much fun.
The CBI doesn’t provide an analysis of deposits at the covered banks – about the only analysis it doesn’t provide – but in terms of all banks operating in Ireland including foreign and IFSC banks, Irish household deposits increased by €0.8bn in March, which brings such deposits to €92.1bn, the same as the June 2011 level. Total deposits from all sources in all Irish banks fell €15bn in March, mostly as a result of a decline in €10bn in deposits by euro area (non-Irish) depositors.
Total frustration had caused me to throw the styrofoam cup across my office. Fortunately, only a few drops of cold coffee splattered against the eggshell wall. The fifth refill was almost completely finished after a morning of “boot and re-boot”.
It's kind of exciting to review the 1st week of a new year. I really am amused by the simple things in life ;)
Over the years, I’ve received a fair number of notes from military families who appreciated seeing folks like themselves depicted in the pages of a tween story, though many wondered why such books are so rare.
1 froze
- flower punch or use a cricuit or hand draw and cut, what ever suits your fancy
For the custard
If you go fully traditional (and I don’t mean simply style, but in terms of reaching out primarily to the already convinced), you will reach a narrow segment of Believers. But if you go with a full Mars Hill approach – not merely polish and veneer, but all the way as the apostle Paul did in Acts 17 – you reach the largest segment of the already convinced as well. I’ve been watching this carefully, not just at Meck, but in churches around the world. The more you speak directly into the heart of culture, the more you reach both believer and explorer.
Salt and black pepper (I don’t use the pepper)
A Divine Appointment on the flight home … a pastor’s wife from Lancaster was flying back from Denver where her daughter is attending college. It was nice to once again connect to a total stranger through the bonds of Jesus.
In fact the tasting for the competition was done in a separate room the tasters arrived in staggered groups. As well as the public there were also serious beer bods there which was an added bonus. I got to shake hands with Michael Hardman, one of the four apostles. I would say I'll never wash my hand again, but that would be an empty gesture as I haven't washed it for many years already after shaking hands with Dave Brock.
Pick anything against the former President Olusegun Okikiola Aremu Matthew Obasanjo, corruption or whatever, but I challenge you to list ten major security challenges heard of during his reign. Ten major ones. I am not oblivious of the Kaduna, Jos, Benue ethno-religious crisis, but I beg someone to remind me of any particular group or organization that came to the media to brag that they were responsible for so and so attacks.
^^ THIS is the realest thing I have seen in the absolute longest time. Please do expect to see it a million and one times on my blog because I think it is awesome, I believe it was made especially for me. Every word rung true and that hurts all over again!
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
While walking around the gardens, we happened upon an aviary housing ducks and other domesticated fowl. In this aviary was a most amazing bright-red streak of bird which a park worker told me is a Golden Pheasant, also known as a Chinese Pheasant and as a Red Golden Pheasant. It was very difficult to get a good photo of this bird because he kept dashing around, pecking at the ground and generally staying very busy.
Denise: I do not have an agent. I don’t think they are vital, but I do believe they can open more doors for a writer.
who checks in on me regularly.
Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series
For one, a lot of them came early. Specifically there’s Jon, Cindy and Leslie of Joy in Christ Church in Cavite. There’s the CYouth-Gen Team of Makati Gospel Church (J.J., Elmer, Ken, Edriane & Kuya Jun) and there’s E.R. who comes all the way from Camarines Norte.
Considering our diverse and varied experiences and the unique connection formed by two people, every relationship is completely different. Still, research shows that when it comes down to how we form and behave in relationships, pretty much everyone falls into one of three categories: anxious, avoidant, or secure. It’s called the attachment theory, and according to astudy published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, about 20 percent of people are anxious and roughly 25 percent fall into the avoidant camp, while the rest of the population are considered secure.
(this is a true story, I witnessed this while driving to inspect a job site for work several years ago)
All the Heritage Chromes that I grabbed turned out to be refractors #'d/559, an added bonus! The Barajas will stay here as part of the Jays collection (of course), and if anyone is interested in the Miles, Beato or Morrow cards, just let me know.
Something real and right and something that will last,
Back in August we went to a BBQ at a friend's house (oh, here's a picture of that day) on the lake. While we were there, they showed us how they got rid of the noisome chipmunks who ate all of their grapes and tomatoes and other garden offerings. If you must know, it was by setting up buckets of water with food balanced on them, where the hungry chipmunks would eventually meet their fates by drowning.
i'll send your names to teresa & then i'll let ya'll email her via the link on her site!
affection and need as any clinging barefaced lout
251Thy life a long, dead calm of fix'd repose;
Just so you guys know- I have a lot of health problems, but I am not a whiner- the only reason I tell you about them is when they interfere with my ability to work on the blog. everyone has troubles in life and mine are not as bad as some, so I count myself lucky. I do, however, appreciate all the love and support I have found here. I especially like when you all share your lives back with me...
The broadcast began 7pm PST and 10 p.m. here, to accommodate the Broadway stars just stepping off the stage. Due to staggered entrances, many of the seats at the International were empty for much of the ceremony.
down here,
Thank you, Rowan, for stopping in, and congrats, Kirsten, on the release!
Last week I mentioned to Mr. D that I had a "plan" for the bay window in the dining area of our kitchen. A typical Mr. D response would be, "that's nice", hoping that my plan, project or idea won't involve action on his part.
We don't see the person before.......
So...what about you? Do you have a favorite genre? One you never thought you would read? Do you like science fiction?
The attraction is so awesome and authentic...the spiderwebs and dust. The creepy eyes on the wall, the shadow playing the piano, the long corridor with the floating candelabra!! The decor is so cool, even the wallpaper in the queue area. The ballroom scene, just amazing. It's still my absolute favorite part (though now that they've added the attic scene...that ranks pretty high. So much to see in there!). Your Ghost Host (so creepy!), the cemetery (love the music out there...I gotta sing along every time!), the hitchhiking ghosts!! So so cool. I love it when we get an awesome cast member who really takes on their role perfectly!!!
After leaving the pub and returning to b+b, I had to share twin room with non other than Councillor Russell Green. At 5am I woke to the sound of what I thought was a low flying jumbo jet but soon realised it was Russell snoring! He even had the cheek to wear ear plugs in case I snored!!
- consider sourcing cheaper, but equal quality product, from a cheaper supplier/source
OK, here are some more numbers.
Pecans, Marcona almonds, walnuts and allspice baked between layers of flakey phyllo; topped with saffron-infused honey and served with passion fruit syrup
Seksy Watches – A Must Have For Every Fashionista!
I always have liked Shakespeare, and I think everybody, myself included, can at least say they love the classic story of Romeo and Juliet. But I never imagined the story to be played out like this mess.
I realised years ago that gamblers must be prepared to lose every dollar that they bet and that you can't win every time you have a bet.
This 'vision' has been developed with town planners from Milton Keynes David Lock who were involved in sprucing up Holbeck, Leeds.
Eureka Springs has always been a special place. The first visitors came back in the late 19th century when dozens of mineral springs were found flowing from the sides of the mountains there. The town was founded in 1877 and in less than one year more than 3,000 people came to live in Eureka.
This is the motto of the US Army and trucking. In the army, its hurry up and wait. Get to the battle, sit there til someone starts shooting at you and then hurry up and kill them so you can go wait somewhere else.
In honor of Mother’s Day 2011, Sustenance Group is promoting the film, No Woman, No Cry, a documentary about maternal health, which was directed by Christy Turlington Burns and will be shown on the Oprah Winfrey Network on May 7, 2011 at 9:30 PM (check local listings).
"The object of this Essay is to assert one very simple principle, as entitled to govern absolutely the dealings of society with the individual in the way of compulsion and control, whether the means used be physical force in the form of legal penalties, or the moral coercion of public opinion. That principle is, that the sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or collectively, in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number, is self-protection. That the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilised community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant. He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because it will be better for him to do so, because it will make him happier, because, in the opinions of others, to do so would be wise, or even right. These are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil in case he do otherwise. To justify that, the conduct from which it is desired to deter him must be calculated to produce evil to some one else. The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign."
Share a picture which means JOURNEY to you!
In a way, I've been patiently waiting for this album ever since 2001, when Texas rock trio Lift To Experience released an epic, and epically weird, two-disc concept album about God, prophets, angels, the Lone Star State and the apocalypse. The Texas-Jerusalem Crossroads was and is a brilliant album, with Josh T. Pearson crooning and moaning hauntingly above alternately thundering and graceful rock n' roll testimonials. It was the kind of unforgettable, utterly unique musical statement that's hard to follow up, and the band never did; instead, they broke up, and Pearson all but disappeared except for a few low-key solo tours. Ten years later, he's back with a solo album that's every bit as epic and unforgettable as his old band's one and only album, but in an entirely different way. Gone are the jackhammering guitars and feedback and power trio intensity, replaced by stripped-down, spacious country motifs. For most of the album, Pearson's straining, soulful voice drifts like lonely tumbleweed through a desolate desert populated only by the sparse acoustic plucking of his guitar, with occasional strings winding through this emptiness like the sudden whine of a windstorm. It's a harrowing breakup and breakdown album, as infused with weird spirituality as The Texas-Jerusalem Crossroads. It's confessional and despairing: Pearson pours out his soul in a series of lengthy, meandering pleas to God and/or lovers past and present. There's a deadpan, backwoods wit to song titles like "Honeymoon's Great: Wish You Were Her," but Pearson's voice transforms these wry puns into torturous expressions of guilt and grief. As that song winds through its 12 agonizing minutes, Pearson runs through an emotional gauntlet, wrestling with the conflicting feelings of passion and duty, and finally concluding that he's so weak that, ironically, he'll always desire whoever he isn't with. [buy]
And on another note, what message is it sending to the oodles of kids who see this? In the wake of the recent bullying epidemic which has led to the actual DEATHS of some kids, is it really wise to encourage kids to toss about monikers such as "dorks", "lame" and "nerd"? Yes, I realize that MoppetBoy is using these words to brand his parents, but imagine if it was him describing a classmate whose parents had the audacity to drive anything less than the giant, shiny rolling great-room that is the Toyota Highlander?
- Fruit Amuse of Pluot, Asian Pear, Currant, Wild Flower Honey @ Home
We.”
While we might like to believe that humanity has outgrown its addiction to scapegoating, Mr. Campbell reminds us otherwise. Economic downturns, he writes, “are extraordinarily complex and hard to fathom, yet that does not deter the blamemongers.” Bankers take much of the blame because “they are regarded by the public as being overpaid.” They may certainly be blamed for a revived interest in urban camping.
I know there was one. “When do I start?” Then the bell rang.
Millar, Mark and Steve McNiven. Civil War. 2005. Marvel Comics.
A plateau is when you stop losing weight on the Optifast program and you are NOT cheating but are eating only the prescribed product. Here’s what they tell us about plateaus on Optifast. First of all, they say that we shouldn’t necessarily expect to have a weight loss every single week. Sometimes our bodies need time to adjust. I know from other diets that I seemed to have these set points – weights that I’d been at for awhile in the past, that took longer to drop below.
Mr. Zhao went on to state that "without regard to their fiduciary interests, the debtors are promulgating a construct to siphon the overwhelming portion of the estates' remaining cash to pay their own professionals."
MPRC: Due to my privileged opportunity of living in touch with nature and while enjoying incredible family moments, I was honored by one of my sons when he gave me the name Jabalí Rojo (red wild boar). It fulfills me as a nickname as it represents tenacity and strength in numbers, characteristics which reflect my inner feeling and the persistence that characterizes me.
N: We’re right on track Mr S; as always the main concern on election day is getting out the vote. As usual I’m having a little trouble persuading the campaign volunteers to just talk to people they know are going to vote for us.
We drive for about a hour and we stop at a small town to eat. The bitch of coarse requested 10 different chain restaurants. I tell her that there are no chain restaurants in the middle of nowhere and she will have to settle for mom and pop restaurant. The food was good and after we get done eating my buddy asks me to pick up the tab so he can go and smoke. Not a problem. He gets up and goes out. My wife and I are sitting there and the bitch just gets up without saying a word and leaves. I am thinking she is getting up to go to the bathroom. Shortly after my wife gets up and goes to the bathroom as well. My wife comes back and tells me that the bitch is in the car. I’m thinking well fuck her then. As you can tell this is starting to snow ball. My wife and I talk about this and assures me that we will be home soon. I feel much better.
I am seriously not tolerant of pain. I am both rationally and irrationally afraid… actually terrified… of pain. Not like paper cut pain, but real, honest to goodness, Oh My God pain. Which is exactly what Dr. L visited upon me in that procedure room. He couldn’t find my spinal cord… but he sure as hell did try. Four times that I know of, but my witness says the good doctor went in for a fifth… I honestly don’t know.
And they think that white hood's all they need
These chemical molecules travel to the brain damaging the serotonin inhibitors from recycling. Antidepressant drugs are producing serotonin only in the synapse. Naturally, serotonin usually recycles itself over and over again, basically producing more and more. But when you are taking prozac, zoloft, praxil, or luvox that recycling pattern is eliminated, so instead getting constant does of this monoamine neurotransmitter these drugs will just give you an impulse from the receiving nerve. You will feel less depress temporarily until the serotonin becomes depleted. Yes, depleted so you’ll become anxious for more serotonin and the doctor ups your dosage.
stackchairdepot.com
51. Kitty, Daisy & Lewis - Going Up The Country (3:18)
***AND YOU THOUGHT THAT DREAM I HAD LAST WEEK WAS WEIRD! Well, here's an even weirder one that I can't make any real heads or tails outta. The whole night was filled with strange occurances in dreamland, but the part where I came home after a hard day at the nerve gas factory and found out that none other than well-published pipsqueak CHUCK EDDY was there to visit me was something that was really taking the cake! I naturally was irritated that this mental munchkin had invaded the sanctity of my abode especially after being run through the wringer, so while my parents "entertained" Mr. Eddy as if he were some visiting royal dignitary (y'know, like ask him what he does for a living and how many kids he has) I spent my time hiding in my bedroom and the bathroom where I did things like pluck a big long hair on my scalp resembled a black leek. After awhile who should bust into my vary toilet area but Mr. Eddy himself, looking a lot like the schlong I've seen in pictures o'er the years only smaller as if he were a mere ten-year-old loudmouth deserving of a big walloping!
But this is why I’m taking Occupy Wall Street — or, perhaps more specifically, the ‘We Are The 99 Percent’ movement — seriously. There are a lot of people who are getting an unusually raw deal right now. There is a small group of people who are getting an unusually good deal right now. That doesn’t sound to me like a stable equilibrium.
SSuite Office – WordGraph 8.4.1 – WordGraph is a free and very useful alternative to Microsoft Word, OpenOffice’s Writer, or anything else out there claiming to be the latest and greatest. You don’t even have a need for .NET or even JAVA to be installed.
So elections are indispensable and fundamental to representative parliamentary democracy.
She has two poems on the wall of her study, one by John Updike on writing and 'Walking to Sleep' by Richard Wilbur, which begins:
A week and a half ago the big day was there, we left the house early, for a girlie day filled with roller coasters. To make a whole day of it, we would stop half way for a cup of coffee as you do when you take a day trip. But somewhere in between getting out of the car and into the highway cafe (which was according to us more likely the waiting room for death) my iphone slipped out of my hand, and met the pavement. Luckily only the glass cracked and it still worked, this was not gonna stand in my way.
Please hop along with us! You have a chance to win one of the above stamp sets! Just comment on the following blogs (don't forget this one), each day for more chances to win! We will announce all four winners on December 16, 2011 on the Mark's Finest Papers blog. You can go back and comment if you missed a day. The winners will be chosen at 11PM EST on Thursday December 15, 2011.
The recipe is really simple, although there are tons of variations. I chose to make the “virgin” Green Monster, just because I didn’t want to fool around too much. Get it? Virgin? Didn’t want to fool around? No? Ok, maybe not.
I followed the storm east on I-80, stopping at the Gibbon, Shelton, and Wood River exits. Most of the following photos were taken from the Gibbon exit, with a few of the later shot from the Shelton exit (or somewhere near it.) I kept running into the Discovery Channel guys; they're all over the place this year.
“I wanted to see you make it, to know that this world won’t always be like this. I know you can’t see it now, but you are going to find your way. Believe me.” She squeezed my arm tight staying close.
Another variant of the story involves a “hill of fire” (volcano), an arrow and a bird (kingfisher).
Neil said he would take Isaac out for a late afternoon trip to the swings. This was good timing as Isaac isn't too fond of my electric whisk; the noise worries him. When they left I turned on the machine and gave the mixture a good mix. I was surprised by how long it took for the mixture to become smooth. The butter was suitably soft but took ages to break up. Eventually it became lovely and smooth and I was able to tip it into the waiting tin. Into the oven it went; it would need to cook for around forty minutes. This gave me plenty of time to sit down. It was nice to sit and do absolutely nothing in the peace and quiet!!
I once read an axiom that it is better to travel than to arrive. That is, in my humble opinion, complete and utter bollocks. Travelling is piss poor. Once you have arrived at your destination life is okay. Once you are home, life is even better. Getting from A to B is by and large a wretched experience. Airport queues that are designed to make you walk through tat shops (of course, that is what I need, a tin box in the shape of an obsolete red phone box with 50p’s worth of jelly babies in for a tenner), waiting around for every stage of the miserable process, screaming children on planes, crap airline sandwiches, fat people sat next to you that do not fit into their own seat and dithering old people standing right there and blocking everyone’s attempt to move forward until they have found what piece of pointless crap they want out of their bag . The only part of it I enjoyed was getting free beer on the plane in the economy class that my humble means afford me. I got one as she moved up the plane and necked it quick enough to get another when she moved the other way. Warsteiner if you’re interested. Not bad lout. Neckable.
“What are you thinking of?” a male voice asked close to my shoulder.
Mike had the Steak House Salad with blue cheese dressing.
50.Tony Cox-On The Way (Self-Released)
exposed
That's it...Now have a great rest of your weekend!
Overall, a very superb lip gloss formula that I'd absolutely, without hesitation, recommend!
TC: I wish I was older, like 9 like E.
Event: No Women, No Cry – A Maternal Healthcare Event
Is this possible?
5) Weaknesses
08/08/2011 SELL 0.01 usdmxn 12.1198
Just like the Tea Parties did.
intimidation, harassment, physical attacks that occur with impunity for those
Here he is with his new smile! We can see the new tooth popping through already, so this tooth was definitely ready to come out.
3 T creamy peanut butter
According to a Los Angeles Times article published in 2004, Rodman listed his monthly expenses then as more than $30,000. Michelle Rodman listed her monthly expenses as $17,000.
I used a song fragment that I wrote and sped it up, the result of which is quite ridiculous. Jo says my song is catchy, which was a compliment the first time she said it. But she looks less and less pleased the more she finds herself singing it. Catchy like the flu, I guess.
Beer is even an aha moment, about seeing the light.
Yeah the Cross has proven
One of the unfortunate results of teaching 5-year olds is the constant sickness that comes with the elementary school environment. During my first winter in Turkey I was sick every week with a different ailment. I was even lucky enough to bond with my future mother-in-law when we both caught the swine flu at the same time. While my immune system continues to grow stronger and more able to fight every variation of the flu and the common cold, I have also adopted a strict regiment of vitamins to ensure I am not constantly ill. However, it is not entirely avoidable. This week, I was reminded of this the hard way. Out of necessity, I spent my birthday and the day that followed it sick in bed. While everyone hates being sick, there are some more reasons to despise this miserable condition in Istanbul.
I saw this great looking recipe on Pinterest, Betty Crockers mini Chicken and Broccoli Pie. After reading the reviews, I noticed the main theme was that the pies were tastless, so I read up on some Chicken Pot Pie recipes and decided that would add flavor to the chicken... then.. why not just add the pot pie type veggies too (except the potatoes) and so was born Mini Chicken Pot Pie Muffins. There are still a couple of tweaks to be made... but overall these turned out pretty good. Served with a side salad, it would make a good take and go lunch or supper. Oh, and I ate a "pie"/"muffin" a little later after dinner and it was really good. My biggest issue was getting the muffins out of the tin whole. I probably should have let them cool a little longer and shouldn't have used a sharp knife to loosen the edges. I will probably try these in muffin liners next time and see if that works better. It's not as much work as it looks like ;-)
Our friend, Shukri took some pretty amazing pictures. This one says it all.
Fourth Quarter: NHL
Ask yourself: If we were to receive these returns on our social media engagement, would that make our efforts worthwhile? The value of some of these insights is easily quantified in dollars (reduced support costs) others are hard to put a price on (learning something about your community you never knew — that could be priceless).
Stickles: Star Dust
4) I need sandals. Like bad. I have flip flops but no sandals. I do have those peep toe high heels that I showed you back in January. But I haven't worn them yet. The 5" hooker heels that were nude and black are just too much for me to walk in, besides, I think they are too high to be professional for work. The pink and orange florals are ok height wise, but I haven't gotten a pedi yet and refuse to wear peep toes without a pedi. I need to consider that for this weekend.
Doesn't sound like very good odds, does it? I guess it's sort of like hunting for a spouse in that respect--not that "courting an agent" works either.
Put all salad ingredients in large bowl and mix well. Make dressing in blender. Pour over salad a little at a time and toss and serve immediately.
Level 2: It doesn’t feel good, but is good for you, good for others and serves the greater good.
Ohh, this is me… I shouted having a glance at my snap in today’s newspaper. But what the HELL is it doing in the death column?? ……..Strange !…
Our imagination is limitless and plentiful, which is a beautiful thing!
This has stayed with me for many years and has seemed to have a radiant quality about it, almost to the point that I think of the white horse in the dream as my talisman. I have thought long and hard about what this dream could mean in my life and have come up with some satisfactory answers. I was once driving along familiar roads and saw, in a meadow on the left side of the road, five white horses grazing. You can imagine I almost drove right off the road. I remember writing a poem about them then, but I’d have to look it up.
We continue driving and finally after passing through the town of Bushmills we arrive at the Giant’s Causeway. We park the car and walk to the entrance to the park and we are presented with the site of the Causeway diving into the sea.
4. The cute diagrams in each chapter, add to a reader’s curiosity.
I was just about to turn around, and head on back down the way we came.
eating marzipan from a cake decorating block (and I've run out!)
Oleander
Is it just me or do people seem sour!
Stamps: Botanical Bookplate Vol.1 and Vol.2 (Flourishes)
is an embarrassment to her five daughters. She's a "cougar" mom. Well, you see, Joleen had this thing about men. She really goes for them, the young ones too. After knocking around for a while, she comes to the conclusion something is missing in her life. She decides to find a steady fella. She sets her sights for Sam in the delivery bay where she works. All the better, he seems to have an eye for her. But then there's the self-defense instructor, the teacher from her English Lit class, and the lingerie salesman. Of course, the motor cycle stunt man is way too hot to pass up. As if things weren't complicated enough, in walks her ex-husband just released from prison and he wants revenge not only on Joleen but on the five girls as
I feel like I should elaborate some more, but I think "art contest" is a pretty simple concept. We here at this blog enjoy creative and artistic interpretations (as seen in the Sensory Overloads on the sidebar) and you will be juddged, either via a panel (of esteemed...colleagues?) or through this blog by the reader's votes. If I get a lot of submissions (fingers crossed) then I might post them as I receive them in a sort of King Of The Mountain type way. It will probably be a combination of all three.
As I'm nearing the home stretch, in the distance I see what must be Justin's doppelganger getting into a cab. Same mannerisms and everything. I am excited to get home and tell Justin that he has a twin in our neighborhood.
The rifle is a Belgian Mauser, Model 1950, one of the last bolt-action Mausers ever produced. This one was made in 1952 and bears the Belgian crown over a letter "B" for King Baudouin, the monarch of Belgium.The letters "ABL" stand for Armee Belge-Belgisch Leger, or "Belgian Army Rifle" in both French and Dutch.
: Can’t tell – 25.93%
Striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind
Takeaways:
Early Recovery
“So if you look at how progress is made and where competitive advantage is created, there’s no doubt that the ability to use software tools effectively is critical to succeeding in today’s global knowledge economy.”
That said... I sincerely hope that ANYONE who is against these bills will vote against EVERY SINGLE senator and representative who voiced support for and/or put their names to these atrocities. You can as cute as you want with your blogs and website today, but it means nothing if you don't follow through the next time these assholes are put for re-election.
If one book becomes a super-bestseller, then publishers charge like lemmings to copy its success with whatever they have to hand. Take The Da Vinci Code (please). But seriously: how many books in the top 20 were suddenly about codes, grails, holy plots and Knights Templar*? Kate Mosse’s book Labyrinth, which surely took longer to write than The Da Vinci Code, was even accused of copying Dan Brown’s book, as if she had dashed it off in an afternoon after noticing it in WH Smiths. It gets even more ludicrous: Sam Bourne appears to be marketed on the strength of the similarity of his name to Dan Brown.
Marc Judd provided us with some much needed breathing space in the second-half, when a Schwodler cross missed its intended target of Lee Fielder. Judd, who'd been screaming for the ball from his oncoming position on the left-wing, gathered the ball in his stride and struck it low into the bottom right hand corner with his trusty left foot. Sam Schwodler made it three-nil with a well executed strike from the edge of the eighteen yard box, gathering Jason Wilson's pass, after some purposeful build up play led by Sam Hewitt.
We couldn’t agree with more with Dato Thasleem!
When it was first published in an expensive hardcover edition, I sold HOUSE OF ZEOR on a money-back guarantee to over 60 Spock Fans because the book was written specifically to prove my thesis in STAR TREK LIVES! about the reason that people love Star Trek, but especially about why they love SPOCK. I never had anyone return a copy for their money back. I nailed it. I captured the “liminal” effect that “Spock” creates for a very small, very well defined sub-set of the Star Trek viewers.
Me: Sounds a bit like Cee Lo Green?
That was me back in Phoenix. My husband left the house around 7am, came home at 7pm, played with the kids for an hour, then we'd veg out in front of the television for the rest of the night. Moving to Portland changed things around a bit. Ogre (for you new readers, this is my husband's nickname on my blog) works from home, generally eats all meals together with us, and sometimes takes off an entire afternoon to be with us. It changed our relationship (and yes, I'll be honest, it's sometimes harder to have him home all day long). I think we can honestly say that we know each other better after living like this for 5 years.
We were way early, so we stopped along the way for an espresso (watching al Jazeera on the shop's TV), walked down Hayes and looked at the shops, stopped in the Place Pigalle bar for another beer (I had a Deschutes Black Butte, Cathy got a Pilsner Urquell that I helped finish), and then walked back up the street to Suppenküche. On the way, John Hansell called: he was bored, Amy was getting a massage, and where was it we were meeting for a beer? Come on down, I told him, I'll hold a lager for you.
Now, I'm here to arbitrarily pass unqualified judgment on commercials, not people, so whatever you like to put into your mouth is your own business. But I will say this: if you like eating at The Olive Garden, you have the same ability to distinguish flavor as does a dog that died in the 17th Century. If they issued eating licenses, you would have had yours revoked. When overpopulation becomes such a problem that hunting human beings for sport on prime-time television becomes a national phenomenon, you, the Olive Garden customers, will be the first into the Death Maze.
Will never end
Sometimes it makes sense to take a step back and to question why we do things the way we do. Should businesses have to provide health insurance? Should businesses have to provide pension plans? Since when did manufacturing and providing health insurance become related activities? And if so, why are these bundled together? Shouldn’t the safety net be the responsibility of government? In this post, I argue that businesses would be much more efficient if they focused on their core competencies, be it manufacturing, retail or publishing, without worrying about how to optimize the benefits package that they will provide for their employees. For this reason, I argue that the government should reform regulations and the tax code so that companies are not encouraged/forced to provide health insurance, disability insurance or pensions for their employees.
This worked so well, I decided to carry over the opt out strategy to other facets of my life. I brought the Buddha along for inspiration. If you are wondering if that is the Buddha on my shoulder or am I just happy to see you, the answer is a resounding yes!
“He has received his just reward for being captured,” Wei’s mood turned dark as quickly as his spirits had risen only moments before.
One reason that I’ve been terminated from certain jobs that I’ve had was because me and the other few guys there were in a minority. The women all ganged up and started drama just because the job was easy and there was nothing else to do. It felt like high school all over again… Next thing I knew was that the poor boss (who was a man) was pulling me aside saying there had been complaints. Complaints for what, may I ask? Oh this bullshit excuse and some other extremely exaggerated truth. I’m not saying I’m perfect. But I’m not that delinquent.
Right. And she wanted me to save her ass.
May I take this second to express my hatred for Flag Ceremony?
It was quite a whirlwind of a trip that was completely fabulous and filled with so many special moments. NYC is a place I have talked about going for years and I am just thrilled it became a reality. I have no idea when my next trip there will be, but I can assure you there will be one. I'm already planning my must see list for round two. Another Broadway show, the Empire State building, Lady Liberty and Ellis Island up close, the MOMA or Metropolitan Museum. I hope the next trip is a little longer. I want to be able to take my time, to really be able to soak up the unique vibe of this city.
It hurts me.
Except I'm a twit.
Unquestionably the most popular draw of the professional football offseason quantitatively, at least in terms of both public attention and the degree of media scrutiny, is the National Football League’s collegiate draft. Held annually at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, the draft’s level of devoted fan interest and the event itself have consistently evolved behind the technological progress of its media coverage and, more recently, the rapid proliferation of social communication. It is held in almost unanimously reverence among fans as a day of jubilation, the first chance to become acquainted with a team’s new savior expected to come shore up a lagging defense, or the new sub-4.4 toy in the backfield to make the highlight reel. It is spun by the sports media corps as a momentous and dignified cultural spectacle, very much equivalent to a debutante ball as the former student athletes are herded in front of cameras, down red carpets, and across stages in gaudy suits to the pleasure of the viewing public.
I'm convinced she's trying to make me lose my sanity. But the joke's on her...I lost it years ago. Haha! I win!
Drawing on a decade of submissions to the zine, Lady Churchill’s Rosebud Wristlet , the variety of stories in their newly published “Best Of” anthology hold only one clear message: here there be monsters! Whether it involves mushroom-crazed duchesses, unavoidable ghosts, talking animals, or only a sorry inability to mix a great cocktail, the imaginable atrocities of life, and some that only these authors could have imagined, find vibrant and stirring representations in this book.
"what a strange day today,
While the consensus is that the Indian presence was certainly negligible and unreflective of their seven-plus percentage in the national population, the analyst said the Chinese on the contrary made an unusually strong showing.
I’m thinking maybe more texture, keep the colors neutral, and just more stuff in general!
yep. we are going on a caribbean cruise with my family. as much as we travel, surprisingly neither griffin or i have ever been on a cruise. i'll have to take 2 days off of summer school but it will be worth it. after about 5 seconds of thought, griffin and i made a command decision to leave baird at home. as much as we love him and hate being apart from him, the thought of taking a 1.5 year old on a cruiseship did not sound appetizing. plus it is the week of our annivesary and we are excited to celebrate together with no stress. we weren't sure if we were taking a vacation this summer or not so we are SUPER excited now.
We’ll understand it all by and by.
♥ to cuddle at bedtime
1) your blog address
I have had this beer many times before, and I never tire of it. This beer encapsulates everything I love about a black and tan, in one bottle, and with out actually being a black and tan...
You are my eternity eternally love
Wiest is the key component of Kaufman’s film: it’s all her (in the way that Inland Empire could actually be about Grace Zabriskie’s visitor - due to one telling late shot in that film - more than it's about Laura Dern’s Nikki/Susan.) Wiest plays her triple role with subtly affecting shifts in tone. The beauty of her performance(s) is how she underplays each mournful angle of the women she’s portraying; there’s an uncanny sadness, hinting at something more, right from her first scene. Despite her fragmentary moments, Wiest makes each one matter for the brief amount of time she’s on screen. Things get very blurry and indistinct indeed, but she guides us through Kaufman’s head-scratcher casually but regretfully, gently evoking all the feeling that the earlier parts of the film lay in place for her. Now, I don't know about Caden, but if Kaufman and Lynch could just hook up and make a mind-warping movie with Wiest and Zabriskie as a pair of bizarre, neighbourly cleaning ladies I’d die a happy man.
What does Hazel get in return? We’re to think that David’s example softens her, but really, she never seemed that jaded or cynical to begin with. Check that: “I hate men” is pretty damn cynical, but the line reads comic (The Music Hall busted its collective gut) and Hazel is ever the good girl with standards. For her to fall in love with David seems natural, and the only dramatic tension in their relationship rests on the possibility that David’s big heart and lack of business sense will either starve or exhaust him into an early grave. Can Hazel, as David’s employee, save them both? Not on her own.
Which brings us to PaaS (and where the “Robert in the cloud” analogy becomes a little stretched but, in other ways, still can work as an example). PaaS is, sort of, a combination of the other two but with a different objective. In this case the customer creates and tests business solutions, over the network, using kit provided by the owner of the Cloud being used. (Force.com from Salesforce and GoogleApps – from a developer point of view, work as examples of PaaS).
to find a lasting solution to the
Then with a loud snap! the whole area lit up like a Christmas tree. Everyone involved covered their eyes as they silently counted down the seconds in which the Shock charge would finish doing its job, before they began theirs.
He tried to move as she ran towards the door and out of it but his body seemed as if it had taken roots.
Adidas, the brand was founded in 1949 and is named after the founder – Adolf Dassler. The brand is dedicated to performance and many sport legends wear them. The company has been a pioneer in the sports world at all levels for more than 80 years. It manufactures footwear, accessories and apparel. Today, this group is leading the sports goods field and offers a broad spectrum of products. These products are known for their performance and comfort. This German brand has also expanded into bags, eyewear and watches.
 Salander, Lisbeth - Casting Salander, Different in Every Way, The Look of Salander, Mara/Fincher, Irene Nesser, Salander Test Footage
Hey everyone, I hope you all are gearing up for the upcoming holidays and didn't have too hectic of a Black Friday shopping spree (I was almost run over by women fighting over discounted scrap booking supplies; ah the perils of being an artist). I thought I'd introduce one of the myriad of goals behind this blog of mine; to occasionally post a WIP (Work In Progress) so you can see how a drawing evolves.
So, what thanks do I get? Huh? I'll tell you what thanks, bub. This is the general transcript of the conversation I had with OG whilst lying in bed with her last night:
Konnichiwa (kor nee chi wah)
13. Pour the mixture over the filling. Put the flan into the oven for about 30 minutes or until the top has set and is golden.
2. Leonardo da Vinci’s “Mona Lisa” is in which Paris museum?
“The truth is that the fear is from the opposite side. In the U.S. there is a strong lobby opposed to the naturalization of Muslims and Arabs, for racist and political reasons. Immigration to the U.S. eventually results in citizenship, and the granting of full citizens’ rights – something not granted to Arab refugees in any Arab country, regardless of the humanitarian situation.
I have,in this blog,already written about one of my neighbours(the guitar post,remember?)
This fourth installment of the franchise is an obvious exercise in how movie-goers will see things that they know. While completely unnecessary, On Stranger Tides does make a solid Pirate’s movie. After all, it couldn’t get much worse from the drawn out, confusing plot of the third installment, At World’s End. The absence of Keira Knightley and Orlando Bloom does, however, hurt. The chemistry between Cruz and Depp is no match between the strange love triangle of Knightley, Bloom, and Depp. On the bright side, there was actually a new character introduced that was not completely one-dimensional. That, of course, was the missionary Phillip. The film doesn’t match the scope of the other three (The creators mentioned that they couldn’t get much bigger), but that actually helps make it feel like a separate entity out of the group, instead of blending all into one memory of boats, pirates, and rum. Supposedly, they hope to start off another trilogy with On Stranger Tides. Let’s hope this is the last time, even though it wasn’t as bad as it could have been.
It is always through the heart that our prayers are heard, even if we first make the connection in our feet or hands. Do we really feel the suffering of the earth, sense its need? Do we feel this connection with creation, how we are a part of this beautiful and suffering being? Then our prayers are alive, a living stream that flows from our heart. Then every step, every touch, will be a prayer for the earth, a remembrance of what is sacred. We are a part of the earth calling to its creator, crying in its time of need.
The city’s mayor Michael Bloomberg added that while he will tolerate the protest he won’t let Occupy take over the city.
Making Memories Simply stated Expressions Rub ons
Six years, and what did you just tell me? Forty thousand dollars; $350 dividend dollars.
This is great on a number of levels. But it's particularly spiffing because every morning, when I rock up and Abbott's been there for three hours eating fucking algae or whatever he has for breakfast, and asks 'Jesus, Dave. What did YOU get up to last night?', I can say 'I fucked your wife again and again and again until she literally shat in my bath.' (She did once. It sounds bad, but it was fucking amazing.)
The thing is, after two hours of sleep I could not return to relaxation
Much better in a pub and actually from the tap instead of the bottle with their fancy nitrogen widget/rocket thing. One of my all time favorite beers, I've been known to kick back a handful of these in one sitting. A lot of my friends think it is very filling and can only have 1. I personally can drink these all night long.
Wilcox AJ, Baird DD, Weinberg CR, Hornsby PP, Herbst AL. Fertility in men exposed prenatally to diethylstilbestrol. N Engl J Med 1995; 332: 1411-1416.
Scene: Akshay Kumar, Riteish Deshmukh, Shreyas Talpade and Chunky Pandey are huddled around a table in a condo balanced precariously and Akki says, “Langoors, have my angoors.” When one of them tries to have one too many, he yells at him and asks him to “ek ek karke kha”. Still, it’s too late and the condo starts shaking with all four bumping into each other and the people on the roadside thinking that you-know-what is going on inside.
Advocate ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals.
Meat in general is now centre stage in my diet and I probably eat steak at least three times a week (usually for breakfast); I love the protein hit I get from a good piece of beef and I am slowly widening the variety of meats I eat – saying that, I just can’t stand the taste of roast pork so that will not be making a reappearance, yuk!!
And why does the patisserie on the corner taunt me with its selection of home-made, ribbon-festooned, fine chocolate Easter eggs?
The story of Karna has got to do a lot with how a girl’s curiosity for a “gift” led her to a miserable life which became a curse not only for her but also for her great son whose life was plagued with injustice. It can aptly be said that it is a story of a tragic hero who had royal blood in him but was never considered royal; leave aside the respect and honour he deserved. It is a story in which a warrior gave his life for friendship, even though it meant being on the opposite side of his brothers the Pandavas(who knew nothing of karna’s existence till he was killed by one of them, namely Arjun).
19But do you, without waiting, go after their army, attacking them from the back; do not let them get into their towns, for the Lord your God has given them into your hands.
I´m a gay man with a gay lover and it´s the first time I´m at his place. He shows me the kitchen. The dining area -- he´s got a diiining aaarea! The living room. And then, when my mouth´s all dry: the bedroom. ”And here´s the hobby room,” he says as we enter and his bed is a homemade composition of aluminum pipes dressed in black leather. ”The stuff scenographers use on stage,” he says, ”it´ll carry anything.” And I love him even more when he shows me the swing he´s made from seatbelts. The guy´s a stellar handyman and he´s got this ability to never lose focus on what´s important in life. I spend the rest of my days naked in that swing between four aluminum posters, and do you know; that´s all it takes to make a man happy.
As usual, the cops standing on the corner turned a blind eye to me stopping traffic on 7th Avenue to unload my people. It's a two-lane thoroughfare, and they understand we drivers are just trying to make a living. I move on as quickly as possible. But as I'm about to drive off to find coffee, another cop, a mounted policeman, guided his steed in my direction.
So above we have, from clockwise- red beet salad, Serbian cornbread (Proja) which the owners insisted contain no jaja or mleka (eggs or milk) but I'm a little skeptical. Next to that we have pirinac (rice) with leeks and what may be the national dish of Serbia, Prabanac- beans with paprika and other spices. (Sometimes made with bacon or other meat stuffs so ask!) On the side are some simple grilled veggies. I eat this literally every day and I'm not sick of it yet, which either says something about me or the good food on offer.
Lou Stonebridge / vocals, electric piano, harmonica
Yes. That's it. I had guessed it was because they were afraid they'd lose their blessings that they turned to serve and worship other gods. Or that they'd grown lazy and self-confident, too busy or disinterested to seek for and do His will - why bother, things are going pretty well, right? Or maybe, I ventured, it was pressure to accommodate to the "foreigners'" ways (vendors, etc., in their midst) that always helped trip them up. And, I'm still guessing all these things contributed. I know I was guessing partly based on why I turn from God and His "right road" and head for other ways to try and satisfy myself. But here it is, in black and white, if not in bold, the real reason why they (and we) keep tripping up with regard to following God and seeking Him and His ways. Our hearts become prideful and forget Him and what He's done for us. Oh. I hate to think of myself that way. But I find it to be oh, so true in my own life, and probably for others, as well. We're not altogether different from one another in that way, after all.
Next on my "I want" list...a new camera.
Having said that, for now, I’m sticking with this one.
Very often, drunken conversations simply degenerate into “I love you, I do, you’re like my best friend and totally awesome and we should totally do this more often like, y’know?” And that’s fine, and to be expected.
Husband uttered the unthinkable last night – Benedict Cumberbatch might even be a better Holmes than Jeremy Brett.
After providing police with the details about the conviction, he was told he didn’t need to register, the suit said.
Ever feel like your life and everyone in it is conspiring to be in your way. Maybe today just isn’t your day and yesterday wasn’t either. It’s so easy to let the little voice in your head bring you down, it’s even easier to let the voices of the people around you bring you down. You have to be stronger than that, Be your own voice reminding yourself of all the good and talented things you’ve done recently and that these little annoyances won’t be around forever.
This had the potential to be a great book. Prophecies, magic powers, mermaids, selkies, a missing mom -- it has all the elements for a story that could be really cool. I think the mythology was well done, and I enjoyed reading about the ocean world versus the world we all live in, but for much of this novel, I was simply annoyed and frustrated.
He doesn't know what is an employer.
Well, I definitely planned to update sooner than today.
with a clownish tv host from NBC?
These bee look a-likes are actually flies and don’t have a stinger or anything cool that could inflict pain. It all adds up to easy money. Plus, these flies hover in one spot a for a long time, plenty of time to dramatically sneak up on this scary beast and impress the kids.
W1:: How do you do it?
I knit, crochet, sew, think, bring up my children, create a home.
I think this is how some people must feel before visiting Disneyland: it's a place you kind of know, you've seen pictures and read about it and tomorrow it will all be real!
11-03 Denver, CO - 1st Bank Center
I only stayed for one set of Dave and Missie’s evening-long performance before being distracted by the sounds of The Victoria Phonographers Union coming from the adjacent Old Town: four digital composers seated behind laptops round a single table, periodically sending commands to play their creations through loudspeakers, bringing to life the installation with the sound of people milling through the streets of old town, while up on the next level, Buddha machine sound installation – also working with laptops – enlivened an otherwise static installation of The Mine, with sounds of miners working.
I followed this recipe first because everything the author posts induces stomach growls, and second because her last instruction for the frosting was “bump the speed up to medium-high and beat the crap out of it.” Right on.
Domestic violence includes assaults, woundings, violence against the person, can include sexual crimes, can result in acts endangering life such as poisoning and can result in death. According to Homicide Statistics, 1998, every week two women are killed by their current or former partners. In 2008, domestic violence still claims up to two lives a week. Confirmed by statistics, domestic violence is gendered violence.
My husband wasn’t fond of it when he first tried it. He wasn’t from the Ohio Valley, so that was his first mistake. His second mistake was not liking DiCarlo’s Pizza. I couldn’t wait for him to taste this wonderful thing in a cardboard box. I stared at him, waiting as he bit into its square slice for the very first time. He was quick to judge.
Stay in tune with your sexual side. Part of the reason that aging is associated with lack of sexual activity is because people lose their partners as they age and find themselves facing singledom for the first time in decades. It’s important not to allow your grief to prevent you from finding love and affection in the future; but until you feel ready to begin dating again, you should consider staying in tune with your sexual needs through self-stimulation. Sex really works on a “use it or lose it” basis; so if you allow your sexuality to fall by the wayside during this time, it will be more difficult to recapture it again in the future.
insulted most? Creativity.
I hope you enjoy the third challenge!
The words to the song, “River, take me along…” ( written by Bill Staines, who lives in New Hampshire) express the love for a river better than I could ever do… any other river lovers out there??
Psalm 106:1–Praise the LORD! Oh, give thanks to the LORD, for He is good! For His mercy endures forever
Updates are expected from many teams for this weekend, perhaps the most hotly anticipated is the Mercedes definitive 2010 bodywork. Having run 2009 Brawn wings an floor for the winter tests, internet rumours abound about what is expected. A controversial diffuser has been touted, while I have even heard noises about a switch away from the now bulbous nose. The team conducted a straight-line test at the UK Rockingham track, allegedly with the new set up fitted. Sadly no pictures merged from this test.
I found some Easel Art Pages on the blog "Making Learning Fun". The idea is that kids paint simple objects by following graphic instructions. I printed out an apple to go with our theme. (Also becasue an apple is one of the more simple designs to print.) Marcus showed no interest in wanting to paint on the easel. Sophia was very eager to try this.
The U.S.-Afghan agreement has been in the works for 20 months. Obama and Karzai had a goal of finishing it before an international summit later this month in Chicago, said the official, and they agreed it would be signed “on Afghan soil” to show their commitment to building a future together.
Episode: "More Terms to Know"
Friday (March 16)--- I went to art class and then went to the church,because we have game night every firday.
My newest collection is appropriately named the “Express Yourself Series". This collection comes from deep within my imagination, my love of art, personal insecurities and the need to become a better and happier person. I think that art should be an expression of who we are and the things that are important to us so I have created these designs to allow myself and others to say what is often on our minds. Most of the new sentiments in this series are my own original thoughts, and feelings. They are meant to be uplifting, and encouraging to those that need to believe in themselves more (something I have always struggled with).
between toes and brain.
During the semester we all had to review, critique and respond to a classmates, notes, completed project or class assignment. I was able to get a lot of experience with building relationships with others to pose and solve problems collaboratively and cross culturally by completing the peer reviews. We were required to do peer reviews and responses of other classmates reading and reflecting notes. I felt as if this task helped me to learn about a chapter that I would not have otherwise looked at. Doing this also provided me with different perspectives and ways of interpreting information. The greatest benefit that I obtained from reviewing and responding to others is I was able to apply what I had read to particular concepts with homework and projects. The project that I benefited from the most from peer reviews is the photo project. I was able to get other opinions on how to edit my project to make it better. I was also able to apply Chapter 5: Next Steps from New Media Design (Austin, Tricia & Doust (2007) because that chapter discussed having to collaborate and work with others to reach a common goal as part of a skill and requirement for work in new media. Working as an editor would require me to work with a group as well as collaborate with a senior editor. For the future I would like to be able to provide a more in-depth feedback for my peers so that I can help them the same way they helped me.
Drag: Herb?
I love reading submissions. I do it on the train in and out of work and often at weekends, because submissions are a treat. You never know what little gem you are going to uncover and what scary thing is lurking in the depths. So while I'm away, my submissions will remain untouched (because I read all my own). Hopefully a wonderful little story will come in while I'm relaxing, and I'll get to have all the fun of finding it when I get back!
To be honest, the fact that Obama would seize upon this quote is as embarrassing as it is telling. Obama does not understand the immensity of the War on Terror or the commitment necessary to see such a war through. Thus, when Romney says, in effect, the war is bigger than one man—Osama bin Laden—he’s not saying “I would not okay a kill on bin Laden.” Rather, he’s saying, the war is too big to be orchestrated solely for the apprehension or death of one man. Moreover, Romney understands the war continues beyond bin Laden’s death, which is something that Obama has missed.
Last year we had a trial here regarding an armed robbery that occurred. Three or four guys took a young couple from a parking garage near a college out by some railroad tracks where they raped, shot, and beat them. Their lives will never be the same.
We hope we have given you some inspiration to get you started, for more pictures pop across to the personal blogs
Austerity isn’t a consequence of reduced government spending but of other government actions – taxes that are too high, interest rates that are too low, running the Royal Mint’s printing presses at full whack and failing to cut spending. Yes that’s right – failing to cut spending.
We planted tomatoes, radishes, a couple peppers, tomatillos, okra, watermelon, lettuce, green beans, cucumbers, spinach, basil, oregano, thyme, chamomille, lavender...I think that's all. We put in seven of these things! I did reserve one for zinnias so that I could have cut flowers all summer.
The three new judges, championed by the centre-right VMRO DPMNE party of Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski, will take office on June 1, when the nine-year mandate of the current judges, Liljana Inglizova- Ristova, Igor Spirovski and Zoran Sulejmanov, expires.
This might shock many of you, but I will never have a statue erected in my honor.* Upon my death, no one will sing my praises as being a wonderful person. I am more likely to actually BE the second coming of Jesus than I am to win the Nobel Peace Prize. I fucking hate charity and everything about it.
I like the change in the Linear Motion Battle System, which now allows you to sidestep around opponents. It also uses Chain Capacity, which allows you to chain together attacks. The storyline is great, although you usually can't go too long without them talking about and questioning friendship. (Hence the name I call it.) I am usually interested in the characters and how their personalities clash. (That is why I like to talk about each character individually.) The way the character's in this game react to each other is terrific and often leads to humorous conversations. This shows mostly during optional small cutscenes called skits and after battles.
imagined sins,
This was the second time that my husband, Al, competed in the race. Last year his team took second place. As the race has become more popular, more teams and tougher teams have entered. Saturday there were about 30 teams of all ages. This year the teams were a lot harder to beat, so, unfortunately, after 3 races Al’s team was out. For each round, two boats are race against each other, after two losses a team is out of the race. Each boat has a drummer who’s pulsation of the drum is the “heartbeat” of the dragon and sets the rhythm for the rowers.
Of all the many balls that continue to crash down around my ears, you will be relieved to know that my commitment to producing desserts that are guaranteed to add pounds upon sight, is not among them.
I know Volume 3 has been posted on the ElectricJive blog, but I am still posting it again. Although on principal I have no objections to removing noise from noisy, crackly or hissy analog recordings, I am inclined to be cautious when it comes to older recordings. And in my humble opinion some of the character of the originals has been lost in the version posted by ElectricJive.
But that’s exactly what happened today.
I just got notice that we received a huge shipment of new spring 2012 fashion scarves. I am in the store all weekend and will have these beauties ready for sale tomorrow am.
It’s also worth noting that diets have changed dramatically in the last 30 years.
and fulfilled too, that by me,
The main thing to remember about talking about the resurrection in public with non-Christians is that you can’t assume that they believe everything in the Bible is true. Serious Christians get around this by using standard historical criteria to filter out the passages of the Bible that are most likely to be historical. A passage could be as small as 1 verse or it could be several verses. Some of the criteria that historians use to separate out the passages that are more likely to be “historical” would be things like: 1) how early after the events was the passage written? 2) in how many places does the passage appear? 3) Are the places where the passage appears independent from one another (e.g. – Mark’s gospel and Paul’s letters), 4) does it embarrass the author in some way? 5) Is the passage corroborated by other historical accounts not written by people who share the author’s views? Using these criteria and others, historians (and I mean even non-Christian historians) can extract a bare minimum set of historical facts about Jesus. On this view, it matters more that you know things like when books of the Bible were written, who wrote them, and whether they agree with other books in the Bible, and books outside the Bible. You have to do good history in order to bee able to talk about Jesus in public.
In a blistering take-down of Rick Scott’s last-call signature on JD Alexander’s Polytechnic takeover, the editors of the Tampa Bay Times let the Florida governor have it in an editorial this morning:
As we crested a couple more hills, we dropped into Cheddar, on the back road.
Dapple. Dapple. Dapple.
This album is too freakin cool. The first track tricks you, with a classic soft psych track. From there it builds to become a pure punk psych gem. The lead singer is incredable with vocals that can be described as Mick Jagger meets Iggy Pop meets Lou Reed. Some of the tunes are kinda blues psych and some disply a Velvet Underground minimalizm. It's guaranteed to please even the staunchest 60s psych
I am so excited to feature the new and innovative Spellbinders M-Bossabilities folders! These are unique reversible folders, with 2 separate yet coordinated embossing patterns for twice the designs and double the value! The folders simply flip over, so easy to use! There are 20 new folders, each with 2 designs, and they come in 2 sizes, 5 x 7” and 4 ¼ x 5 ½” for all your paper crafting needs!
Pink Cardigan - Zara
1 ring
Yep, I got all high-minded with this shit.
The Steampunk Robot Costume
The next question arises in the event of stalemate situation. How should we resolve it ? Please forward your views. To kick start this discussion, I suggest that we have extra time, extend 3 more days from its official closing time till 11 PM 11.11.11 Malaysian time.
In using subversive elements for da'wa, Muslims might comfortably use false arguments to turn Mexicans against their northern neighbors. They might, for instance, argue that Islam is a religion of "racial equality," whereas Christianity is the "white man's" religion, imposed on their ancestors by racist whites who sought to keep them "impoverished" beyond the border. Islamist strategies in Mexico amount to trying to win the unbelievers over to their side, whether through conversion or just cooperation. For those who refuse to cooperate, they are infidels to be used in any way that seems fit.
I heard his children cryin'
"The only thing more embarrassing than catching a guy on the plane looking at pornography on his computer is seeing a guy on the plane reading “The Hunger Games.” Or a Twilight book. Or Harry Potter. The only time I’m O.K. with an adult holding a children’s book is if he’s moving his mouth as he reads."
We love sports, especially endurance sports, like cycling. Since inception we've sponsored the Mt Hood Cycling Classic, the Dana Point Grand Prix, and the granddaddy of all US pro-am stage races, the Cascade Cycling Classic in Bend, Oregon.
In addition to the toilet water, there are bath salts and soap in the vintage fragrance.
'Baraka' (from which Barack came) means 'blessed' in that language. Hussein
When I saw the score I was pretty emotional because this test was literally life changing for me and if I hadn't passed the other two attempts given, I would not have graduated.
thought I might go blind, written dozens and dozens of short stories, written copy for greeting card companies (and once for a kitchen company), written a complete 370 page novel (as well as dozens of chapters from incomplete ones), scripts for (some filmed and some not-so filmed) YouTube videos, and now I have turned my hand to blogging.
Among the arteries into the city that could be targeted were the Brooklyn Bridge, the Lincoln Tunnel and the Holland Tunnel, causing traffic chaos and bringing Manhattan to a standstill.
always excelling at all you touch
So many changes when you bring one,let alone two babies homes from the hospital.
Anyway here is a sneak peek of our new place.
Definitely worth the $10 investment on a cute thing!
The little woman sat down at her side. "So, you are sad," she said and nodded with understanding. "Tell me what bothers you."
I should also point out that the prices were pretty good too. In fact, a restaurant with these prices would sit quite nicely in Sheffield with starters at around £6-£7, mains at around £18 and desserts at around £7. The wines are a little pricier and the wine list is incredibly daunting as it's all French. Not wanting to automatically go for the house option and not wanting to plunge for the Pinot Noir, on the basis that it was the only one I knew, I asked our waiter for advice. He suggested Les Rabasses, which at £40.40 was probably double what I would usually spend on a bottle (certainly in Sheffield anyway), but we trusted the waiter and went for it. It was a good choice and having little to no knowledge of French wines I was very glad to have someone else make the decision for me!
A – Para 7.20 states that – “…there is no single system of procurement which should be preferred in all circumstances…”
Onion - 1 small chopped fine
It's opportunities like these that make living in Portland, Oregon a magnificent thing indeed!
"The Vintage Hatbox"..~~
GROUNDING TIP: Go barefoot where possible on the naked earth (soil, sand, stone or grass). Just 15 minutes can totally reboot and refresh your system, reducing stress, inflammation, calming emotions, settling a busy mind, easing psychic sensitivity and helping you think clearly and manifest successfully.
I stamped and embossed the Christmas Tree stamp from Michael Strong on green card stock with white ink from Martha Stewart line, and white embossing powder from Ranger products. I mounted that onto white card stock, which I mounted those onto a red velvet card stock. I stamped/embossed Merry Christmas, stamp from Plaid, with white ink & embossing powder onto the red velvet card stock. I placed a piece of ribbon, from American crafts, between the tree and word stamping.
The Dutch controlled the floods. All of Europe controls famine--it’s non-existent now. Apart from a couple of examples of massive, state-sponsored slaughter (Nazi Germany, Communist Russia), Europe since 1700 doesn’t even begin to compare to Africa today. Casual slaughter is another thing altogether--rare in Europe, common in Africa.
The Human Centipede 2 is a hilarious movie. Even more so than its predecessor. A lot of it is unintentional, but some of it, Tom Six is doing with a wink. Look, he wears a stetson. You don't wear a stetson if you're the sort of person who takes yourself seriously. For all the furore, outrage and thinking of the children, The Human Centipede 2 is ultimately a piece about twelve people being forced to do ass-to-mouth. It's more seriously done here, but it is still not really a serious film. And when it does try to be serious, it fails in almost every way.
Streamlined Reporting and New Services for Newspapers
I drove back to my shop, and was feeling quite sad. After seeing Rob’s pictures, I realized just how sad it all was. How do you get to the point that you decide to take your own life? I’d been through some pretty horrible times, but throughout it all – there was never a day that I didn’t want to wake up and see another day. It is very difficult to put yourself in someone’s shoes who is suicidal or having suicidal thoughts when you don’t and never have had those kinds of feelings/thoughts. It is probably THE most difficult thing for anyone to be able to do when counselling someone who is suicidal, but they receive training so to speak.
Philemon had opened his heart and his home to the church. I should do likewise, opening myself and my home to others, offering Christian fellowship to refresh people’s hearts
I headed to Battambang in Cabramatta for my column in the February edition of Time Out Sydney. If you've always turned your nose up at offal, wait until you try their crispy intestines...
I’m very sorry that it’s all words at the moment, there just isn’t anything to take photos of during ground school lessons!
And here are suggestions from the paris experts via Twitter!
By Bryan Fischer
and read it to his aunts
Naivety despised. You’re lost,
Never heard of it.
And thanks to Holli & her mom for the perfect wood owl cutouts.
Come to think of it for years I hankered after a Victorian pile full of features and for years I had to make do with modern double glazed boxes, flats with no souls. Well now I have one; fireplaces, tiles, picture rails, hollyhocks, and I could not feel emptier and more alone.
Skills:Climbing d10, Fighting-d10, Notice-d8, Stealth-d10
The Unauthorized Practice of Medicine
Cats caterwauling, one ginger-striped alighting a rooftop
Baba O’Riley
Demonstration highlights include:
Luke: Ahhhhhhhh! It burns! It burns! And your puns are terrible.
We now have a Wollongong team and a fantastic charity that we are fundraising for, Kids Fund! They support Illawarra families with children who have special needs and significant disabilities. We will bring you a story shortly about how Kids Fund helped the family of one of our team members and how they continue to support kids here in the Illawarra.
THE SIMON & SCHUSTER - MARY HIGGINS CLARK AWARD
Now that very day two of them were going to a village seven miles from Jerusalem called Emmaus, and they were conversing about all the things that had occurred. And it happened that while they were conversing and debating, Jesus himself drew near and walked with them, but their eyes were prevented from recognizing him.
Obama’s obvious exaggerated African “mannish” cultural swagger is a Cyborg programmed illusion and hoax to make him appear as a real “brother.” At 28 years old, it appears that BHO’s only real relationship with a woman was Michelle LaVaughn Robinson.
Most of us are just livin' a lie!
To fully appreciate Saturn 3 you have to accept that it was out of date already when it was released, and the odd casting of Kirk Douglas as the virile scientist Adam is something even I (and I’m a big fan of Kirk) think is weird. Or maybe it’s more weird that he has a relationship with Farrah Fawcett and they both walk around in velour pants! It of course gets more edgy when crazy psychopath Benson (Harvey Keitel) arrives, after killing a colleague of his to be able to work on his super-robot at the space station in peace. Soon it’s revealed that the robot and Benson more or less is the same person, connected through the brains – and Benson is very eager to make sweet love with Fawcett, which also means that the robot wants to do the exact same thing! Manly man Kirk won’t allow this and he even dares to wrestle naked to protect his woman!
The Other Life was one of those books in which I loved just by reading a few pages. And its mainly because of the writing. I love her writing style. It’s pretty much similar to Shatter Me by Tahereh Mafi. There were those same feelings of confinement, claustrophobia and freedom. The counting of days, hours, minutes and even seconds of how much time really has passed by constantly driven by numbers. How much these figures can really get to you.
Jim Parsons
Best-selling novelist Robert Liparulo is a former journalist, with over a thousand articles and multiple writing awards to his name. His first three critically acclaimed thrillers—Comes a Horseman, Germ, and Deadfall—were optioned by Hollywood producers, as well as his Dreamhouse Kings series for young adults. Bestselling author Ted Dekker calls The 13th Tribe, released in April 2012, “a phenomenal story.” Liparulo is currently working with director Andrew Davis (The Fugitive, The Guardian) on the novel and screenplay of a political thriller. New York Times best-selling author Steve Berry calls Liparulo’s writing “Inventive, suspenseful, and highly entertaining . . . Robert Liparulo is a storyteller, pure and simple.” Liparulo lives in Colorado with his family.
He is giving this set to anyone who wants it.. But the catch is you have to use one on a card for Emily and then you get the rest of the set as a Thank You! How awesome is that!? All you have to do is email him at Dustin_pike@yahoo.com with your choice of image and then link it up HERE to get your full set! Please also link it up back here on Michelle's blog so we can all see it too! Then mail them to
Darkness vanishes for ever!
Immigrants are said to be a burden on social safety nets; and they bring down wages for local workers because they are willing to work for less (especially the illegal immigrants). Never mind that this is completely and utterly wrong.
In a rush to avoid death, we somehow accepted its certainty and with it we found clarity and stopped fearing. Instead, we became angry and rebellious. We began to fight for our dignity, refusing to be reduced to our animal denominator. We wanted more than just to survive. And we fought everywhere we could. We strengthened personal bonds and looked after the weakest and oldest in the neighborhood. We dressed up and accessorized each day and despite the scarcity of water we washed daily, albeit in the dark. We produced art, we wrote and we competed in ballroom dancing competitions.
Whether or not your stepkids celebrate you on this holiday or not, celebrate yourself. Get up with some other stepmom friends for toddies and party together. Tell your husband exactly how you would like to spend the day, and let him spoil you rotten. You don’t have to wait for anyone else’s approval to feel proud of your role as a stepmom. If folks choose to judge you, chances are they aren’t stepmoms and wouldn’t survive a half-mile walk in your moccasins, so screw ‘em. When you validate yourself, you give off a different vibe. It’s hard to be huffy around a woman who shines. So here’s a cyber-bouquet, Ladies! Have a wonderful Mother’s Day!
There are badgers and bidgers and bodgers,
Syncretism isn’t new, it isn’t random, and it isn’t dead.
And finds Its’ Own throughout all hilltops near and far, high and low; beloved each.
Now, go and snap a friend out of their bad mood! Someone, somewhere is about to hop in bed with a gallon of Ice cream and a quick call/text/visit from you could brighten up their mood!
The scholars were unanimous in calling the situation in some of the Muslim countries as demonstration of modern sedition (fitna) and that the only solution to the misfortune befalling the Ummah is to seek refuge in Islam and the Tradition of the Prophet (peace be upon him).
Here’s a good reminder:
Joseph Francis Holland, 32, Glen Rock, N.J.
I would encourage them to start small and see what they like. Understand that cloth diapering is a process. It's not something that you learn how to do one time and then you're set. Even cloth diapering pros are constantly trying new things and adjusting their routine as needed. But that's what makes it fun and so practical!
“Bad comedians are the ones who can tell a joke only when the people they’re making fun of are not in the room – Welsh people are not here. Let’s insult them.
One sergeant spotted Eric Marchese, 24, smashing windows at several stores in the East Village, police sources said. He was charged with criminal mischief and disorderly conduct.
"I _____ have, this day, voluntarily enlisted myself,
White Cat is about the curse workers. It’s set in a world like ours but one where magic is established, well known and feared. Unlike a lot of paranormal fiction where all the magic stuff happens behind the scenes and the greater public live their daily lives completely ignorant of the vampires, werewolves and what-nots living amongst them here the magicians (curse workers) are a part of society, even if it’s the criminal part. It that sense White Cat is similar to Tru Blood, the vampire series about the vampire world attempts to integrate with the normal, mundane world.
Comparisons are odious, so I make none further, except to say there were no weak links at all. No-one had to leave the Big Bro household and the Tribe was not required to vote and have someone's flame extinguished. All four of us stayed in happy amity.
What is your word of the year? Anyone have any big changes coming up that require a little trusting to get you through?
NATO is cultivating Iraq and Yemen for prospective Istanbul Cooperation Initiative membership and Libya for membership in the Mediterranean Dialogue, with Lebanon and Syria (in the event of a change in regime) after it. With Iraq the partnership with the Western military organization is a continuation of the seven-year NATO Training Mission-Iraq.
They are about a quarter of the size of a regular teaspoon each. Along the silver handle, a pale rose grace the surface of porcelain, and a rose colored crystal tops it all.
Thus with aerodynamics covered in some 23 pages, the text moves onto suspension and the expectation of detail on the RB5-6′s trademark pullrod rear suspension. After a summary of the purpose of an F1 cars suspension, Pages 58-59 have some fantastic CAD renderings of front suspension, uprights and hub layouts. However the rear suspension rendering stops short at the pull rod and no rocker, spring, damper layouts are detailed. Hardly a secret item, so lacking this detail is let down for a book announced as an RB6 workshop manual. A lesser point, but also highlighting the censorship of some fairly key technical designs, was the lack of any reference to Inerters (Inertia or J-Dampers), The suspension rendering simply pointing to the inerter and calls it the ‘heave spring’, while naming the actual heave spring damper as simply another ‘damper’. Inerters have been in F1 since 2006, predating Renault’s mass damper. Their design and purpose is well documented and shouldn’t be considered something that needs censoring. It’s also this section that fails to showcase the RB5-6 gearbox case. Instead using a pushrod suspended RB4 (2008) gearbox, albeit one made in carbon fibre.
Context on the show: Homer’s attempts to get his son back from Mr. Burns prove futile when the evil tycoon locks the door in his face, but not before Homer can utter this immortal battle cry.
Can you imagine a situation where the rates we charge are so low, through volume and efficiency, that we can drive down costs in the profession and then disseminate information through the trade and related press and subtle advertising on the GoCompare model that prices in the traditional profession are, shall we say, ‘pacy’?. And, what if we were to set up our specialist division of solicitor-advocates; perhaps even luring a few renegade silks to front it? It would not be that difficult to build a ‘Stable’ (they call barristers chambers ‘stables’ in Scotland, I understand) of say 1000 solicitor-advocates, specialist in a very wide range of legal disciplines, and undercut the market. We could take on The Bar, and we could take on some of these enthusiastic and able young people who can’t get work in the traditional profession and we could grow to perhaps 10,000 solicitor-advocates in a few years and take over the entire legal profession’s representation in the courts of this country. In time, some of our Partners will be judges…who knows…perhaps, one day, even Supreme Court justices……”
The next moment may be different
‘You pay a price for intelligence. Becoming smarter means improving connections between different brain areas but this runs into tight limits on energy, along with space for the wiring.’
I remember when I was in elementary school. We use to have to walk to school in knee-deep snow and then walk home when the snow was even deeper. It was uphill both ways too. But while I was at school I knew that the teachers and principals were people who had the same basic values that my parents did. Basically they demanded respect, effort, and adhering to specific values. Those values were biblical and no one ever complained about it because biblical values are what our laws are based on and they promote hard work along with compassion.
“He said not before 10am.”
12:50ish am - CC was sitting running stationary radar. He gets a call over the radio from another officer that was just ahead of him that said he clocked the car coming in CC's direction at 31 mph (speed limit=20). By the time the car gets to CC, he gets her going 35 mph. So he pulls her over. He gives her a ticket for speeding.
The Cayman Islands Film Commission (CIFC) was established in January 2009 to promote and develop a local film industry. As a government agency, it promotes the Cayman Islands as a prime location for film, television, music video, and advertising productions, and facilitates these productions with every aspect of production from development and pre-production through post-production.
I am in love with this block and it looks great on this pillow. I love the colors Katy chose to make this beauty. You can see more in her post here or by clicking the image below.
With any Conservative government, Privatisation is inevitable. Thatcher started off the trend, selling off the ‘family silver’ as it was put by one minister at the time, which included business such as BT and British Gas. Major followed suit with the privatisation of British rail. But now, with sectors of the police to be privatised, along with more NHS privatisation, are the Coalition government going too far?
Mr. Higgins
So what if everyone else has already seen Gypsy Queen, bought Gypsy Queen, opened Gypsy Queen, sorted Gypsy Queen, and gotten bored of Gypsy Queen. I haven't done any of the above - but I am now the proud owner of six different Gypsy Queen cards thanks to Sam over at The Daily Dimwit.
James Casbolt (I am not sure if it is the original Casbolt or one of his many clones) has informed me about some truly dark stuff going on in British Intelligence. Here is his email:
I really thought I had Bonnie Kaye figured out. For example, the day she shook me and my company down I reserved the domain name Jonesharvestvictims.com. I saw THAT coming a mile away. That’s why her attack site is jonesharvestfraudvictims.com—quite a mouth-full. When Bonnie Kaye ordered me to publish her and her friend’s books for free I already knew how it would end. Bonnie Kaye would eventually figure out how to make even more money.
And I have a confession to make – I am the world’s WORST when it comes to sending out Christmas cards. Procrastinator extraordinaire. I usually end up addressing them around the twentieth, swearing to myself that this year will NOT be a repeat of last years fiasco, and then they hang out in my car until…oh, the middle of January? And then the holidays are over and I realize I’ve been a douchebag again. But these cards are going to revolutionize my tardy habits, because they’re A) GORGEOUS – not your usual cards at all, and B) my kids will love them and bug me until I actually MAIL them.
The next day at school, Darren has Madam Octa in his locker and Steve sees him talking to her. Darren reveals he overheard the conversation between Steve and Crepsley. As Steve tries to take a look at Madam Octa, she escapes and bites him. Darren goes to Crepsley to ask for the antidote. Crepsley agrees to under the condition that Darren become his assistant as a half vampire. Darren agrees reluctantly and Crepsley bloods him. They go to the hospital where Crepsley administers the antidote. Darren then sounds the alarm forcing Crepsley to leave without him. However the vampire part of Darren soon begins to be too much for him to handle. After Darren nearly feeds on his sister he agrees to leave with Crepsley. He fakes his own death and a funeral is held for him. During the wake Steve notices the scars on his fingertips from when Crepsley converted him into one of his own kind.
Look at the range of topics: literature, politics, Mother Teresa (right on the money, he was), Henry Kissinger (on the money again), Thomas Jefferson, the Elgin Marbles (right again), and tons of essays on diverse topics. I needn’t say more to dispel Pigliucci’s willful ignorance.
Sunday!
Today I attended conferences with both Rex and Riley's teachers at All Saints. We didn't have a conference at Riley's public school preschool since we just had his IEP meeting. I started off with Rex's 2nd grade teacher Mrs Speiring. Rex is doing really well at school. His teacher was also a shy kiddo and so she really understands how important it is for us to encourage him to be brave and to make sure he continues to gain confidence. She has spent these first few months of school getting to know the kids and she really pays attention. I love that his teacher understands how to push him so that he gains more and more confidence in himself and his ability to succeed at school. She is especially impressed with Rex's maturity and patience. I'm apparently a total sap but she made me all teary eyed as she was talking about his ability to be patient and considerate all different types of kids. I'm not exactly sure how Justin and I ended up with a child that is patient but I'll take it.
Unlike regular invitationals there will be four preliminary rounds, then a semi and a final. There will be three preliminary rounds on Friday, and a fourth preliminary on Saturday morning.
3. Organic Braeburn or Fuji apples, .99/lb. at Sprouts (through 2/23/11)
Dead and forgotten,
It's choppy and messy and easy.
06 - Scrap
We met with the kid, OK? Please get off our backs and let us get out of this PR mess as gracefully as possible.
Can you believe it's made out of dog food bags? Well... Maybe it's obvious. She's going to show it off at our next ASG (American Sewing Guild) meeting and probably take it for sharing at school this fall. That is, if they still DO sharing in 6th grade...
How do you practice building relationships? All you have to do is evaluate your current relationships and see where you can implement some of the principles discussed so far. If I asked your friends would they say that you are a good listener? You can also work on developing new relationships. Short or long term relationships can be developed every day. Where do you get your coffee in the morning? Do you know the name of the person who gets it for you? What about the receptionist at work? What do you know about her?
I pass it everyday on the way to the train station and every time I say to myself “I should find out about classes”. I had put it off and procrastinated for weeks, because of fear. I was afraid of being the ‘new kid in class’, I was afraid of ‘not being good enough’, I was afraid of ‘disappointing myself’. I thought “I’ll call them up, maybe they have a beginner class I can start off in just so I can ease back into the grove of things and not be to far out of my comfort zone”. I called and the answer was “umm no sorry, we don’t really have ‘levels’ of hip hop, but each teacher teaches a different style of hip hop.” Okay, I though, So what your telling me is that I have no choice but to go into what will most definitely an extremely advanced dance class? Yes.
Self-trackers recently gathered at Stanford University, in California, for a seminar titled “The Uploaded Life: Personal evaluation through self tracking.” Over snacks and cold drinks, participants could also test out the latest measuring devices.
To which I say, what? Since when has the media been an impartial referee? Below is a sampling (and it is merely a small sampling) of quotes about the press over the past two and a half centuries. Use a search engine to find ‘Quotes “the press”‘ for many hours of more like them.
Professional stuff I’ve had 14 books published and my ambition is to be a writer who is read and respected worldwide, before I slip into Father Time’s withered hand … like, soon! I am a recovering accountant and lecturer with the desire to write. I have been a columnist, editor and publisher of magazines in NZ, Aust., Sth Africa and Czech Republic. I’m currently a commissioning editor for Business Books (an imprint of O-Books) and a freelance writer and editor for clients around the world.
To bless my spirit now -
I have a home, it has wheels.
Kate’s strong attitude is enjoyable to read and Roberts undenying honor to those people he love.
If I am telling the truth, why do you not believe me?
To hem the bottom, I stuck a long strip of 1/4" Steam-a-Seam to the raw edge, folded the hem under, ironed it to make the permanent bond, then secured it with a zig zag stitch. Can't recommend S-a-S enough, especially if you're looking to make a Renfrew without that bottom band. It helps stabilize the knit fabric so it doesn't stretch out and wonkify under the sewing machine's presser foot. I was afraid the fused part would take away the stretch of the fabric, but I found that's not the case. Seems like it could work well for unbound armholes and necklines, too.
dear friends, have you had a passion for something, someplace, you felt a need to protect and preserve? it is africa for me. and this is why i'm sharing the above video. chuck and i are soon to leave (in may) on a safari back to the continent, my fourth time there. i don't know how i've been so lucky, but on each trip to africa i've seen either the black or white rhino. my heart breaks knowing these magnificent animals are on the decline, being murdered, because of illegal poaching. i don't know what to do besides share this video and perhaps some links where there is more to learn and make a small donation. if you have an interest please watch the video and visit :
Happy crafting everyone.
But blessed are your eyes because they see, and your ears because they hear. For truly I tell you, many prophets and righteous people longed to see what you see but did not see it, and to hear what you hear but did not hear it.” Matthew 13: 10-16
It's funny how our actions can affect others and we don't even realise it.
In France a seed treatment insecticide known as thiamethoxam was found to interfere with the bees homing instincts. In fact, bees from colonies that were treated with the insecticide were two to three times more likely to die away from their hive.
Cousins came to visit! This is Thomas. He's got some serious curls in his hair too! We had fun joking about all the curls in this family now!
However, in spite of their outstanding performances and records, they don’t crack the top three – such were the performances at the top of the scale this year. You see, Heidler, Demus and Chicherova all had two losses in a year where perfection was the order of the day. And in 2011 there were three women that were perfect in three very different events.
2. Just before this afternoon’s performance I pulled out the iPod and opened up my budgeting app to review my expenses from the last quarter. I scrolled through the categories and congratulated myself for having come out under budget by restricting my restaurant visits, mending worn clothing, and avoiding unnecessary purchases. I briefly enjoyed the smug satisfaction of having kept my materialistic impulses in check, not knowing that a few hours later I would be desperately pawing at my laptop to find a new one that will ship ASAP.
Under tower and balcony,
Each one of those red targets represents a “Targeted Republican.”You’ll never guess where I found this map. That’s right, it’s on the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) website. They launched the site and the map on February 23rd of this year, making it just over a month old. And yet Van Hollen was quoted by Politico just today denouncing Republicans for “pouring more and more gasoline on the flames.” Right back at you, pal. …
‘She broke off the pointed tip. He was surprised to see how easily it broke. Before his eyes, she put the tip in her mouth and ate it. “Try some…”
There's a long hill leading into downtown Frankfort, and as we bumped along in the school bus en route to the capitol building, two blondes in a red Ferrari convertible zipped up alongside us. The bus listed a bit as every boy on the trip crowded the left side, trying to ogle the blondes, while all of the girls instantly assumed a frosty demeanor. When the boys didn't immediately cease the drooling and staring, I announced, loudly, at Hopkins: "If you don't sit down RIGHT NOW, I will incinerate your physics homework when we get home."
LLOYD
MB: Like Sena Jurinac, for instance, you have played both Donna Anna and Donna Elvira. Do you find that singing one role helps you understand the other? How would you characterise the differences between the roles, temperamentally and musically?
Another high is that we're celebrating the birth of my friend Cindy's son Beckett Paul Bylsma! Beckett was born to proud parents Cindy and Dustin and big brother Caleb yesterday morning. I look forward to visiting them in the hospital this afternoon and meeting the little guy.
i’m sorry, but how true is this?? i can’t be the only one (well, me and the author of this picture) that cracks myself up, can i?
This week marks the release of recording artist Rihanna (Robyn Rihanna Fenty)’s sixth studio album, Talk That Talk. Originally from Barbados, the 23-year-old has won four Grammys and sold over 20 million albums in just seven years. Her successes have placed her in the arena of superstars like Madonna and Michael Jackson — among the ranks of the best-selling artists in modern history.
After seventeen-year-old Felicita’s dearest friend Ilven kills herself to escape an arranged marriage, Felicita chooses freedom over privilege. She fakes her own death and leaves her sheltered life as one of Pelimburg’s magical elite behind. Living in the slums, scrubbing dishes for a living, she falls for charismatic Dash while also becoming fascinated with vampire Jannik. Then something shocking washes up on the beach: Ilven's death has called out of the sea a dangerous wild magic. Felicita must decide whether her loyalties lie with the family she abandoned . . . or with those who would twist this dark power to destroy
We finally had a variety of things to sell this Saturday at market. Turnips, Swiss Chard,Kohlrabi,Lettuces,And beets.
They didn’t even see fit to issue a statement supporting the police, who had to step in when they abdicated their responsibility…
“Then let it be done with. Judges, what do you rule? Michael?
I became someone I didn’t know I was capable of being- someone who lied, someone who cheated, someone who skipped out on responsibilities, someone who acted on impulse with no regard to others, someone who lashed out in irrational ways, someone who was miserable. In reality, I was someone who was feeling very small and very scared and entirely alone.
Even if they didn't leave a message.
This is not just a matter for legislation. We expect and encourage all private parties, including both content creators and Internet platform providers working together, to adopt voluntary measures and best practices to reduce online piracy.
When I stay out at the ‘farm’ in Waconia, I like to take alot of pictures. It’s not everyday that I’m out there, so when I’m invited to housesit the puppy, I like to bring my camera and take plenty of pictures…
Please note leaving a comment on my blog will not qualify you for this prize. This is the prize offered to the JustRite Challenge winner. Please see the JustRite Blog for challenge details.
Beat cream cheese at medium speed with an electric mixer until smooth; add 1 cup sugar and vanilla, beating until creamy. Stir in 6 egg yolks. Pour 2 1/2 cups mixture into prepared crust; set aside.
Serlo de Burgh is a six hop, six percent IPA brewed by Ol Fozard at Roosters, and is a beer I really like the story behind; "Serlo de Burgh was a powerful Northern Baron who commissioned the building of Knaresborough Castle. Originally the Baron of Tonsburgh, Normandy, he accompanied William The Conqueror to England and was granted the Manor of Knaresborough as a reward for his part in the Norman invasion and is subsequently regarded as the first Lord of Knaresborough." - Good stuff, but how does the beer match up? Many people have been uneasy about the hand over at Roosters, claiming, that the beer wouldn't be as good, and that Sean's would always be better. Now Roosters made no official date of when the actual final hand over happened so people wouldn't be able to tell, and by all accounts it seems to have worked fine, I've had quite a lot of Roosters beer over the past few months and it's all been great.
framed in white. I love the shapes of the flowers and
Image: Fan's Cricket
One of the reasons Deschutes has given for halting production of Cinder Cone is that it’s one of their least popular seasonals. So I found it a bit ironic that Drink Hacker rated Cinder Cone higher than its replacement Red Chair NWPA.
I was interested in finding out why a school failed to get at least one pupil who passed national examinations and the discoveries I made were fascinating. Yes communities may be disadvantaged in terms of resources. However one of the key areas has been addressed-thanks to the donation of text books by UNICEF in conjunction with the Education Ministry. The books however, continue to be condemned by certain people with an agenda that is meant to discredit anything that is perceived to be “Western”. Surely textbooks as a resource in schools are important whether they come from the United Kingdom government just as computers are necessary even if they are a Chinese donation. (But that is something for another time.)
You know, in film classes at Rutgers, I certainly heard a lot about mise en scène—the arrangement of actors, sets, props and lighting in a given frame. But even after watching Jacques Tati's Playtime on DVD on more than one occasion, or even after watching the nearly complete oeuvre of Wes Anderson—films by filmmakers who make you pay close attention to their shots simply by filling them up with a sometimes insane amount of complex detail—I honestly don't think I've viscerally sensed the importance of mise en scène in a directorial vision until this theatrical screening of Bigger Than Life. Not only was I fully involved in—and yes, even at times horrified by—the travails of Ed Avery (James Mason) and his cortisone-inspired psychosis, but I also—for maybe the first time in a very long time, if not ever—found my eye frequently wandering all over Ray's widescreen frames, taking in all the details. (Maybe Rebel Without a Cause didn't have the same effect because I saw it on the far smaller dimensions of television?)
As the two books have developed we know there was more to Ty's involvement than he at first admitted and although he is a witness he might also be charged. The book opens with a chapter I had already read because it was (to me annoyingly) printed at the end of the first book. So I knew that mum, Nicki, has just seen her new boyfriend shot in mistake for her son. The witness protection isn't working too well.
Property Tax Debt:
Now, I’ve given myself an assignment to do something marketing related every week (besides querying FIRE AND EARTH, that is). This week it’s author’s pages–Smashwords, Amazon, Goodreads.
Moreover, a document prepared by the FBI’s Special-Agent-in-Charge at its Albuquerque, New Mexico office on June 22, 1950, titled Bacteriological Warfare – Espionage-Sabotage (Bubonic Plague), refers to rumors then flying around the official world that an outbreak of bubonic plague in New Mexico’s rat population may have been the result of deliberate, bacteriological warfare-related activities by – once again - hostile, unknown forces.
By Douglas McClintick, 16
Domaine Begude is a stunning spot outside the village of Sépie just north of Limoux. You travel hopefully along a winding road, which apparently forms the boundary between Malepère and Limoux. It is a windy spot, with undulating vineyards at about 300 metres altitude. James has planted some Viognier in the warmest plot at 260 metres, and he has also planted some Gewurztraminer, with a first vintage anticipated for this year. He finds that he is making less and less appellation wine. You get more sunshine here than in Limoux itself as it is in the warmer Mediterranean terroir of Limoux. The altitude however compensates for the warmth, giving you fruit and acidity as well. James practices organic viticulture and he has the genial Australian winemaker, Richard Osborne as his consultant. He also produced the interesting figures that Limoux has 24 independent wine growers, as well as the enormous Sieur d’Arques coop and the smaller Anne de Joyeuse coop. The two coops account for a massive 90% of the production of Limoux.
Expected FG: 1.020
Yay for ninja skills!
(4) Drizzle salad with your favorite store-bought or homemade balsamic dressing. For the directions on how to make my favorite homemade balsamic ~ Honey Balsamic Dressing ~ click here. Serve immediately.
Some other thoughts I had regarding the Royal Wedding go thusly:
This is not always an easy task. At-risk youth’s families are often homeless or live in shelters; not exactly an environment in which a youngster can thrive. Under the current economic circumstances, even families who once enjoyed proper living conditions sometimes have to use their cars to provide their children a roof over their heads.
sixty seven cents- no quarters
Carolyn
To hint at a life to come.
I know I just talked about the Trayvon Martin murder yesterday, but I think that this topic warrants a continued discussion. About two months ago, I had written a length post about racial relations in this country, and the stagnation in the civil rights movement. I had written his, but then lost the text, and could not remember exactly what I wrote, and have not yet re-written it.
What a busy few weeks around the Missions Base! We recently had our Spring Conference with Kirk Bennett, a senior leader from IHOP-KC, about preparing for the coming times. He gave us practical ideas on how to prepare and a lot of biblical language behind it. It was a great time of ministry as well.
The main tools I use are:
Coaches are realizing or at least they should how thorny these situations can become. You can bet other coaches are using these situations against them in recruiting too.
He first gave me this perplexed look and then proceeded to provide his advice. I was waiting for some magical words of wisdom but none really came. His response was something to the effect of “tilt your head to the side and jump on one leg”. Wow!
17. Your Star
We stayed as always at the Shilo Inn on the Prom. Here is a picture of it from out in the water. It is the five story one at the left.
FACT: Chewbacca’s character name is inspired from a city in Tunisia called Chebika City.
- postcards to invite your friends for a pretty picnic
When I was a kid reading a comic book in the 1970’s, I loved the ads for Sea Monkeys. It looked so quick and easy to brew up my own batch of the cute little critters in the comfort of my own room. Of course, I first had to cut out the order form, then (convince my mom to) write a check, mail it in, and wait 6-8 weeks for delivery. Today, if I don’t want to buy them at a local novelty store, I can place an order in mere mouse clicks and have those babies brewing tomorrow.
I would love you
How the heck should I know?
Lyrical theme(s): Psychological themes, personal struggle
I've begun to think that habitat might provide the answer.
Syncretism (note, not eclecticism–they’re not the same!) often occurs when religions come into contact with one another, particularly during periods of increased intercultural communication. This session will examine the historical cultus of several “super-syncretistic” deities (including Serapis, Isis, Hekate, Mithras, Sabazios, and Antinous), as well as the general theology of polytheistic syncretism, drawing on Edward Butler’s model of “polycentric polytheism,” as well as other concepts.
top of your head for decades.
I did a little paper-piecing for this challenge using new papers
Finally there are the additions to /etc/asterisk/extensions_custom.conf. We will need to add at least two contexts to that file. The first handles inbound calls from Google Voice. You only need ONE of these no matter how many Google Voice users you have, but you have a choice between two contexts. Remember that at the start of this article I said you had to decide whether you want to answer the call as soon as it comes into your system, or defer answering until a destination extension picks up. Well, if you decided to let Asterisk answer the call as soon at it arrives, then you’ll need to add this context:
The Story of the Atlanta Food and Wine Festival Dominique Love and Elizabeth Feichter, co-owners of Corporate Community Outsourcing, a consulting firm that helps corporations and nonprofits maximize their community impact, have each had a life-long love of all things culinary. And in later years (let’s say after achieving legal drinking age), a love for all things wine, beer and cocktail. In 2006, their passion for community intersected their culinary passions when FOOD & WINE engaged the duo to design a national charitable campaign to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the magazine’s FOOD & WINE Classic in Aspen. The result was the creation of the Grow for Good campaign and several visits to the Classic in Aspen to manage the program.
Establish a bedtime routine with your baby.
Here’s a detailed description of what you will be expected to do to achieve your graduation from the Pokerspace school.
There is precedent here, Pol Pot found an ideal way to achieve equality in Red Cambodia; he just murdered anyone who differed from the norm.
This is two coats of Models Own True Blue, and even though it didn't really require it, one coat of Seche Vite.
Nothing too challenging, experimental or different, but sometimes it’s nice just to trot out the old favourites and not have to think too hard.
Hot Rod Vampires by Demented Are Go
depending on wether you celebrate Christmas
Mark my words. If we don’t choke off the endless flow of unchecked information soon our county will lose its focus, its purpose and its all encompassing belief in the rightness of its actions. And that, I’m afraid, leads to nothing introspection, questioning, weakness and decline.
Kelly said, “As a player, seeing him get excited when we win a game was special for me.”
3. Hardware: Iron knobs (81EUP6 and 81EUP7) and backplates (92U86 and 92U87); White Chapel Ltd..
I try to laugh it off
There are some perks to being a semi-competent driver with a consistently full gas tank. There are also some disadvantages, one of them being these five people always needing a ride:
The “why” of America, who we are as a people, is in the Declaration of Independence, “We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal and endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights.”
pulling soldier and courtier alike into its web. For those who want the best, Flemish lace is the only choice, an exquisite perfection of thread and air. For those who want something they don’t have, Flemish lace can buy almost anything––or anyone.
There will undoubtedly be plenty else happening in the world at the same time. So it looks like we’re about to enter a pretty exciting time in this most exciting of years. For my part, if I’m not publishing quite as much as I have, chances are I’m resting.
as I write, edit and play Act II of my life.
The ebook only package, like the other packages, is overpriced at £495. Elm also declares with this service, ‘- NO ANNUAL FEE EVER!’ This is a case of the author really getting nothing for nothing. It is an ebook – an annual fee doesn’t apply anyway. Annual fees accrue from printers who charge for set-up of physical books and maintaining the print files on their databases.
The paths the Ancients knew.
What are you currently reading???
Andy gets a bit basic so if you are easily offended read no further
And this surely ought to raise questions in our minds. Much is made of wisdom in the opening chapters. Solomon is the ‘wise man’ of his generation (cf 1 Ki 4:31). Moreover, this wisdom is a gift from God himself (see chapter 3). If we were reading Kings for the first time, we would surely be saying to ourselves that wisdom is clearly of the utmost importance. And yet after Solomon, there is no more wisdom.
So far anyone who still has a hard time believing that Minute Maid has got no preservatives added - meaning it's THAT natural, it's almost like it's plucked straight from the tree, it's just as Mother Nature wanted your orange juice to be, it's got nothing but the good stuff yes, none of those potentially toxic stuff that can harm your brain, kidneys, heart; cause tumors aargh- the list of preservatives' bad effects just go on!!! Anyway, just to prove a point on just how good Minute Maid Pulpy is 'cause it's got NO PRESERVATIVES ADDED, I'm gonna drink it for the rest of my life! It's also a great drink this cold season because it has lots of Vitamin C.
If you don’t put the hours in, you won’t be able to do the routines. Gymnastics is a tough sport. One wrong move and you can get an injury that can take you out for months, if not years. In order to work up to the more complicated moves you need to spend time in the gym, nailing down each move before you try the next. In this particular case, (as in most other cases) practice does make perfect. If you don’t spend the time doing the work, you won’t ever improve.
“As a result the World Health Organisation has requested to obtain, at ground level, from the mouths of the people of South Africa, the following reports, which I will collate and hand to the World Health Organisation.
When we returned home from the hospital after that diagnosis I retreated to my favorite prayer spot and entered the presence of my heavenly Father. There was such peace there. I presented my questions to my Lord: “How? Why? What now?”. He gave me several words – which have sustained me for these three years: 1. “This experience is not just for you – I will use it in others’ lives.” 2. “Don’t be afraid.” 3. “Wait on me.” 4. “Trust me.”
Take your game to the next level with the concepts discussed in this course. Learn about online tells, table image and reading
If I had a cradle I'd rock it,
I had author, Rachel Safier, choose one of the entrants and she chose CHRISTINE of NJ because ... in Rachel's own words:
The eggs were decorated with all different types of designs and they were just about the coolest, most fragile things ever. Had I been going directly back to CPH after Vienna, I would have bought some as gifts because they were SO COOL, but they were far too fragile for me to drag around Berlin for five days.
Gotta run. As soon as I typed "down time" some work popped up for me. The ER is getting busier at nights now. I can tell the winter is approaching soon. Once the "snow birds" get here from back east, I'll be wishing I was back on vacation again. Hell... I already do.
So we can safely say that Yaqoob’s very first political act was to defend British terrorists. This is no surprise because ever since 1998 she has kept on defending Islamoterrorists, from Hamas to yet more home-grown jihadists.
Add in eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition.
I like paper.
Having been taught at the art academy myself for Interaction Design in the early ’90s, one thing you learn early enough is that someone is an artist who can create a creative product out of passion, instead of commercial purposes, unrelated to the effect it has on an audience. This does not mean that a true artist is someone who lives a live of starvation and anarchy, defying everything that the society likes to consider as rules; it means that an artist creates, unrelated to how the audience responds. Art does not mean it cannot be a commercial success. Steven Spielberg is a real artist, Martin Scorsese, Walt Disney… and many more. Even though they ended up to become very wealthy persons, commercially very successful, their careers started unrelated to the financial success, often risking everything to follow their dreams. And I consider, knowing a bit now about the history of Mr. Stern, Mr Stern indeed an artist.
The skirt, however, was something of a challenge. I bought too little fabric the first time I went to the shop and ended up getting the rest on Thursday evening.
To analyze what motivates people to write about art, what controls what people write about art, and how and if it should change or stay the same.
At Door Price: $20.00 US Dollars.
But cop a big ear too, to Wilber Morris and Denis Charles - just LARGE talents, that couldn't be unmusical if they tried.
So having more objectively considered which features will best suit my needs, and after much experimentation and consideration, I have decided to switch to Family Historian.
From February 5-11, we had a week-long Peace Corps training in Mehdia, a relaxing beautiful beach town just north of Rabat. It was the first time since our Swearing-In Ceremony in November that all 39 PCVs from our initial group who arrived to Morocco in September were together again (one volunteer decided to leave and returned to the States in January where she has found a job and seems to be very happy with her decision). It was great to see everyone again, hear about the differences and similarities in our experiences so far, and learn about all the great work and projects my colleagues are involved with.
9 lb. Weyermann Pilsner, 9 lb. Maris Otter Crisp, and 2 lb. White Wheat Malt on the grain bill. I performed a single-step mash. For hops, I used Tettnang and Hallertau Mittelfruh hop flowers for that "Noble" nose. I used my "secret" Kölsch yeast, and pitched a healthy starter. It's bubbling away in the glass fermenter like crazy, and should be ready in time for my friend's BBQ date.
The van took an unexpected detour from the usual route home when it pulled onto a soft slope a dozen feet from a cornfield. The child looked up at her mother across the length of the vehicle, seeing only the top half of her face in the rear-view mirror. Her mother was looking at the field with wide eyes; they followed the gentle sway of the dried, golden stalks in the chill November breeze. The field seemed just a bit out of place, but the child had grown used to her window view of homes, stores, and businesses being interrupted by occasional fields of potatoes, onions, wheat, and corn. Her mother had never stopped next to one before.
Just like that, the room was ready for a redo!
1 brass-handled
But that’s just it. Tim’s message is so inherently linked to celebrity success and the platform that it brings, that they are not hearing an objective message about faith. They are hearing that God is the way to get to the same celebrity threshold if they make similar religious choice. It’s really no different than a faith and prosperity preacher saying that the path to riches is through his or her teachings, except that a religious preacher’s message made him popular. A sport’s star’s messages is almost always related to his on field production.
Recently, I had an interesting exchange with an editor that wanted to use my recipe for Meringue Pillows with Strawberries and Cream from Basic to Brilliant, Y’all in a non-food publication. We exchanged a few emails and I sent the recipe along — then she emailed me back, saying that it looked too hard.
I’m hoping keeping them in our room will also help with their daytime sleeping schedules, buffering them from the rest of the chaos in the house. And, to be honest, the thought of decorating a nursery isn’t as thrilling as it once was. It’s used for such a short time, and I’m big and tired at this point. :(
Well about 2 years ago I had my heart broken. It wasn’t the first time, but I sure as hell wasn’t used to it either. I was tired of turning into a complete mess. I was tired of watching my life crumble into pieces yet again. I was sick of feeling the worst pain I had ever felt in my life and promised myself I would never allow it to happen again.
“To die would be an awfully big adventure.”
Kelp belongs to the Fucaceae family. Other names for Fucus vesiculosus are kelpware, black-tang, bladderfucus, cutweed, and bladderwrack. The main constituents of kelp include phenolic compounds, mucopolysaccharides, algin, polar lipids, and glycosyl ester diglycerides. Kelp also contains protein, carbohydrates, and essential fatty acids.
a storytelling of crows,
I went to Beth's today after lunch to get some shots of her blooming things. As you all will see this week blooming things tickle my fancy. Beth's yard is filled with fragrance too. I wish I could have photographed the smell of these Asiatic Lillies. Most people love them....they remind me of funerals and are suffocating to me.
Stand up my ear fuzz
Harvi never even remotely imagined his challenges would be anything of this sort. He had never killed a mouse and he was now supposed to kill a lion. Before that he had to figure where this lion could be found. He turned to the alien to ask him. The alien had disappeared. He was now on his own.
Neither Muck or Finn, nor any of their friends had ever actually seen Billy Reed’s Bull. But the terrible bull scared them even more than being hauled into the principal’s office, not that they’d ever been there.
Would you sew it again? Would you recommend it to others?
GRAB THE BUTTON AND SPREAD THE WORD!
♪ On the left there is Estonian writer and playwright Oskar Luts (1887-1953), a 0.45€ stamp issued in 2012, Luts' 125th birth anniversary. At just 25 years old Oskar Luts, who had earlier penned only a few lines of poetry, authored Spring, a book that made him famous all over the country overnight.
Now, I think that the Internet is a great opportunity for smaller, specialized, retail shops. I mean, there are zillions of releases out each and every day and everything’s available over the Web (I mean, on physical support) and a bunch of people start to notice most of the “large” medias are just about telling bullshit, being paid to have interviews and good reviews and stuff like that (not all of them, thankfully!)… It’s a great opportunity for passionate people to open small stores and “sell” the “service” of being of good advice, helping people discovering new stuff, having physical meetings with the artists when they are in town, partnering with the local promoters for before or after-parties when there are gigs, having exclusive little gigs in, and many many many other events around the music and the releases. Add to this a good sense of business and the ability to deal limited editions with labels and you’ve got a winning business, for sure.
I’m probably missing some vital preparatory steps, but this is a good start.
I’m having an investigative operation mid month and Sim and I have decided to see if we can identify my migraine and IBS triggers a bit clearer too.
But I can't help it. I think the sounds of flatulence are absolutely hysterical.
Posted on May 3, 2004, Source: TomDispatch.com
And you, my dear readers, are in for a rare treat. I have a signed copy of Embassytown for giveaway, along with a set of the postcards with the beautiful artwork of all nine books. To be in with a chance, send an email to magemanda AT gmail DOT com with EMBASSYTOWN as the subject line. Include your mailing address to which the prize should be sent. I will open this up worldwide because I'm feeling generous after such a lovely evening *grin* This competition will run until next Tuesday, at which point I will announce the winner.
Do remember to pick up the audio guide!
Simon Myerson QC, writing in his Pupillage and How to Get it blog considers Diversity…
The mother who is known as Madam Ang claimed that her photos showing her wearing revealing clothes and bikinis were taken from her Facebook without her permission and republished in ‘sggirls.com’ and the sex forum together with her ‘rates’.
Buy UPPAbaby 0071JKE Cruz Stroller with Parent Organizer – Jake Today
It took a little while for our food to arrive but, again, given the business level, I wasn’t expecting it instantly.
We sponge-rolled Chan's hair Sunday and yesterday, took it down. It was lovely and curled for a few hours, we still need some practice, though. Some of the back never took. I don't know what to think about her having a sudden interest in having curly hair. My little recluse even mentioned it was too bad she had no where to go, hinting heavily that the general public would be enraged to know they'd missed glimpsing her head. Just as long as she does not start packing a curling iron in the camping gear. I can't believe she's nearly 14.
Also, if anyone lives in Virginia or near Washington DC, please let me know of some of the great things we should do while we are living there, share some of the great places to shop and eat. I would love to learn more about our new home, since I won't be able to do a house hunting trip before we move out there.
Feeling like a failure makes me feel even less like writing. (As does the ABC app on my iPad that enables me to watch every ABC show at my convenience. Revenge. Pan-Am. Modern Family. Happy Endings. That amount of TV is not conducive to works of creative literary genius.)
Dole sent me samples of each of their 3 flavors -- apple, pineapple and mango -- and they are like little nuggets of sunshine. They remind me of the mochi bites in the toppings bar at YogurtLand, Pinkberry and other frozen yogurt places, just a bit nuttier and sweeter.
Then I took the YR02 again and blended in circles with the side of my brush tip just as I did with the first petal, with the same amount of time and effort. Now you can see a big different between the two petals - the first still has harsh lines and the second has a smooth blend.
The graph below I found interesting. It shows the contribution of each component to real GDP growth for each quarter. The latest data point (which is still an early estimate) shows a very minor contribution by fixed investment. Also, the government’s contribution is still dragging growth. If I’m reading this correctly, it looks as though 2012Q1′s net real GDP growth was driven by consumption. Hopefully, the numbers will be revised up.
Bill: Lots of good memories of mom as well. Aside from her natural beauty, I remember she had the toughest gig in the family as the Sergeant At Arms of the household. She was more practical than an idealist, strangely unsentimental, though with a great sense of humor, and had an opinion on just about everything, except that she would never talk about herself and her own feelings. But whenever I think of her, I think of the time that dad would come home at the end of the day, I can still remember the sight of the two of them performing their daily ritual of a big kiss on the lips, one that you could also hear the sound of way down the hall. The memory that is my most bittersweet is the time she suffered her final heart attack, and as the paramedics were wheeling her out to the ambulance, she looked up at me, with a loving smile and whispered, "Take good care of yourself, Willie......It's your turn now."
President Barack Obama came through Johnston’s university on Wednesday, where he said there is no greater predictor of success than a good education. “This country has always made a commitment to put a good education within the reach of everybody who’s willing to work for it,” Obama said. “That’s part of what made us special. … That’s a commitment that we need to reaffirm today.”
and carried her safe to the long grass.
Composed by: Harry Gregson-Williams / Matthew Herbert
Mr. Vittles occasionally looks over my shoulder while I'm reviewing my blog's stats, and he is always so amused by the fact that the Apple Chips completely dwarf every other post.
You can learn more about how these attribution statements work on Pinterest’s website. What do you think about these new Pinterest attributions? Do you think they’re a step in the right direction for Pinterest? Share your thoughts with us in the comments!
"life doesn't stop for any body."
We are set on food, we just ask that you spend time with your families and live life to the fullest as Ruth always did. If you think of a friend that you have not spoken to in a long time, give them a call and tell them how much they mean to you.
I use a cup bur with my Dremel. All I do is put the end of the ear wire into the cup and the bur files the wire to a nice smooth end. If you do not have a Dremel or Flex shaft, there is a nifty little hand tool that also works pictured below. A fine file will work, but is time consuming.
3/4 cup fresh squeezed orange juice
“All this needs is the crime of rape,” says Monty, coming over and starting to kiss her neck. What? WHAT? What in God’s name is going on here?
Dow Jones Newswires/Fox Business, 03/05/2012
Chocolate Chip Cookies (makes about 30 cookies)
SAG Awards Mary Tyler Moore Receives Lifetime Achievement Award: Dick Van Dyke presents the Lifetime Achievement Award to his former “Dick Van Dyke Show” co-star Mary Tyler Moore, delivering a heartfelt speech citing her screen work and humanitarian work. Moore received a standing ovation from the crowd.
passing Le Grand Palais and Le Petit Palais
“How i hate it when you are so damned right ! “, I sighed and smiled inwardly.” So,what are the plans for tomorrow ? Wanna go out somewhere after college ? I badly need to try my hand at being normal. “
You were broken that I might be healed
It has taken me a little more than four weeks to reaching that last point. Today, I have read a combination of five books of the Holy Bible. I have read Ecclesiastes, Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, and Colossians. I seek not to boast of this.
To my surprise, I was throwing those ingredients out on a whim, and amazingly, they all went superbly well together. So impressed with my pizza putting-together skillz. And what a yummy mad skillz to have.
swallow whitecaps,
No TIME for "the chair" !
I had one light below and behind aiming at the background with a red gel. The glass was sitting on a DIY shooting table with piece of glass painted white on one side. The purple color on the table was achieved from the red reflecting off the background.
Back to the guy I saw for a month..... sure, it's going to be weird not talking to him 24/7, and not having that person who can always be there for you, but I think I've finally come to a level where I just need to give up. If God wants me to find someone, God will put that person in front of me. But apparently, what I've been doing all these years simply isn't enough.
10. Excuse me, but what pick up line works best for you?
With Love Ribbon (780014)
Oh…it’s a tank turret. In mid air. Shit.
Here is the first of what will be many shots of a work in progress:
Sarah Pinborough – Diary Entry #1
Park Cheol Min as Pil Dong
CassaStar was just the beginning…
Row 2- 2sc in each sc (12)
See, to me, the Outer Banks are a somewhat mystical place. On most coasts, you stare out at a (presumably) wide expanse of ocean. But on Hatteras Island, you stare out at the Atlantic (to the east) and the Roanoke Sound (to the west). On cloudy days, the sound itself can appear almost like an ocean, so that you feel as though you're standing on the last strip of earth on an otherwise watery planet. (Okay, so that's a little whimsical, but if you've been there, you'll know what I mean.)
That went to help the sea.
14. How often do you go out to eat? Where do you go?
Narrator Doctor who?
LaShawn – You can’t leave anybody out. I know running this event year after year I was getting better because I took it serous and learned more and got better. Other people can surprise you and come up and do the same thing. Guys like the Borlee twins, Jermaine Gonzales. Guys who were maybe injured this year. There are 8 lanes in the final. 8 people will line up for the final in the Olympics and anything can happen. It will come down to who’s ready, mentally and physically; who is prepared; and who executes.
Aren't these cranberry topiaries darling?
On the subject of health and safety, I have deliberately not opined on whether it’s appropriate for women to perform in the nude. The naturists believe it tones the skin and allows the pores to breathe, but they are not an impartial source. All I will say is that I wouldn’t let them do it in jungle. Not without first rubbing them from head to toe with insect-repellent, anyway.
I am of even less help to my wife; all I can do is watch. We bring her father over for dinner once a week where he endlessly repeats the stories of his research at the university and his experiences during WWII. I have heard them all so many times; but all I can do is nod and hope he doesn’t notice that I have long since stopped listening.
Much Love to My Ladies and Happy Meeting,
So I would have been better off, letting go and allowing the ideas to flow on those days. To give you an idea of what I mean, here's another way to think of it, from Abraham-Hicks, "We want you to be inspired into the Vortex, rather than outside the Vortex trying to motivate your way in."
He is so good to us.
“Dad?” The word dropped from her mouth to plink the floor.
It's a shaker card because I had to use acetate for the challenge over Totally PaperCrafts but on the other hand I wanted to make one from a long time.
˙ǝsɹnoɔ ɟo `ƃuıpǝǝlq ʇɹɐʇs noʎ :ɐ
224. Song of the Week is "Time, The Elevator" by Ofvitarnir.
As I mentioned Monday, I wanted to make sure I got you all some preliminary info on what we want to do for a small follow-up to our first Mission.
I don’t know if he would have liked to continue with films, but Mum certainly wouldn’t have let him!
IMPORTANT NOTE: Sales for DOMESTIC destinations within
I hate them because they are happier than me
MB: Do you think she has anything in common with other Mozart characters? Elettra and Vitellia, for instance, both of which seria parts you have sung?
A serving of fruit and a whole grain. Why this dessert could be considered a health food!
- Stuffing
I just got off the phone with a friend who is like that for me and I hope
The UK and Vietnam signed the new aviation agreement on December 8 last year, one day before Vietnam Airlines commenced its direct service to London. The flight inaugural ceremony in London was also joined by Vietnam’s Transport Minister Dinh La Thang, who represented Vietnam to sign the new aviation accord.
Will definitely be going back when I'm less exhausted ;-)
from the seedlet to the rose's bloom.
1) healthy individuals may have good and bad parts of their personalities, but they don’t have a Jekyll and Hyde personality; a mask of sanity that hides an essentially malicious and destructive self. In a healthy relationship, there’s a certain transparency: basically, what you see is what you get. People are what they seem to be, flaws and all.
2. I love the way your face breaks into a smile when you are happy.
Katrina
and listen to others,
The barge carrying the massive metal box, painted in morbid white, arrived at the source of the oil spill about 65km (410 miles) off the Louisiana coast earlier today. The oil giant intends to lower the metal box some 1.5km below the sea surface, place it on the ruptured wellhead and then pump the oil out through a pipe placed on top of the box. Will it work? BP says they have never tried it at that depth!
*Memento was narrowly beaten for the "M" slot, and since I can't talk about it there, I'm taking advantage of the Nolan tie-in for an addendum to this post. Memento is a phenomenal movie, but may not be for everyone due to the way the story unfolds: Backwards. A movie about a man with short-term memory loss who's out for revenge, the movie opens with the last scene of the story and then goes back to the beginning, scene by scene. The effect is stunning, but giving the viewer a sense of confusion that helps identify with the main character because as his memory fades after a few minutes, he is also coming into each scene not knowing what happened right before it; however, as the movie progresses, we the audience know where everything ended up, and watching the motivations and characters shift as their backstories come to light builds suspense and provides a set-up for a great twist at the end...er, beginning...er, just check it it and see for yourself.
Each of us do intend to peacefully come and go.
Finishes piano black center console and steering wheel
c) how do you tell a story where they have to burrow underground
We are so grateful for the opportunity to improve nutrition for these little ones – and we couldn’t do it without your support. Thank you!
"You're not going crazy," said Will with maddening calm. "You're not seeing things at all. This is part of your heritage and history. It's time you knew about it."
W.A. Bonger, in his detailed 1943 comparative study Race and Crime, claims to be unable to find elevated criminal activity in Chinese populations in North America. On the contrary, N.S. Hayner in 1937 reports that:
Yet another reason why a future British National Party government must remove people like Cunningham from their positions of power and strip them of their pensions.
Stir in cream.
What three qualities matter most to you in the people you hang around with? For me, it'd have to be kindness, intelligence, and a good sense of humor. But lately, I've begun to question the quality of my sense of humor, because I must admit; few things are off-limits to me when it comes to cracking a joke or twisting words into a groan-worthy pun, and it doesn't take a lot to make me laugh.
Got that? Paul's implication is that businesses that refuse their services in a racist manner will suffer or even fail, presumably because in our "postracial" society, most people will spend their money at businesses that don't practice racial discrimination, because most (white) people aren't racists anymore. The free market is sacrosanct and magical, you see; if the dastardly liberals who supposedly control everything would just let market practices be "free," all problems would be solved. Including racism!
P.S. 167 The Parkway
Whole bunch of things happening around here so I thought I'd fill you in. apart from waiting for Disability SA to ring me back, after two phone calls from the WRONG person... *insert rolleye here*
1 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar
Oh, my. How time flies. I had every intention of scheduling posts for this week and totally forgot. Today's post is a quick update using lots of PTI goodness. I made this card on Friday during a rare "ignore the family and stamp"-a-thon where I got 5, yes FIVE, cards done that are actually blog-worthy. Colour me shocked. This first one is not my favorite, but it is perfect for this week's MIM challenge of using heat embossing. I love the gold sentiment on Enchanted Evening. And I love the academic look.
So yes all I really listen to right now is the Spring Awakening music and it is wonderful. Now since I wrote all about Spring Awakening in my Writer's block unblocked post I am going to be done for now so...
I've had this artwork for a few days, but I am just now getting around to posting it. I mentioned above that if you want a fine line or crisp edges you need to mask it.
‘David Cameron yesterday attacked judges for using European human rights laws to usher in a privacy law by the back door. The Prime Minister said he was ‘uneasy’ about the way the courts are issuing ‘super-injunctions’ to prevent the media reporting allegations about the rich and famous. Mr Cameron said it should be up to Parliament, not unelected judges, to decide on the balance between privacy and freedom of the press.’
Mr.Buck and I are celebrating in a very low key way this year - as we tend to do every year. The thought of going out to a restaurant on this day of the year kind of makes my skin crawl, so we opt to stay in and cook a delicious dinner for ourselves and relax and enjoy eachother's company.
Possess by Gretchen McNeil.
Question Ten.
(gratuitous spring blossom shot....thank you Nikon!)
of specialised equipment, meant
SO, 3 things are running through my head right now.
For first year Ecology & Evolution (and some other) graduate students, his biometry class was, quite literally, a rite of passage: successful students were inducted in to the “Loyal Order of Normal Deviates”, whose hymn was “Freedom By Degrees”. I was fortunate to be able to take the class as an undergraduate in my senior year (fall 1978). The second edition of Biometry was in the works, and we received the revised text in xerox. As much for his accomplishments as a researcher, he should also be recognized for his accomplishments as a teacher, both in the classroom, and through his book, which I found to be perhaps the most readable self-teaching tool I have ever encountered. I have used it (or it’s shorter version, Introduction to Biostatistics or “Baby Biometry”) for 20 years, and plan to keep using it in future classes. But last week it was my sad duty to tell my class that they are the last to use it while Dr. Sokal was alive.
But not all development is good. Even the best plans and intentions can have adverse social and environmental impacts – and yes, development can even result in adverse economic consequences for the country.
The post Should ministers have political spokespeople? was of interest to…absolutely no one, but asked whether there was a role for political spokespeople who could throw the party-political handbags at other politicians in the media without having to worry about political impartiality, leaving ministers to get on with the job of running their departments and being accountable to Parliament, and ensuring civil servants did not get embroiled in party political spats.
I said, what can I say
ii. It results in an unjust disadvantage to the consumer;
Thursday last, the wife and I attended a spaghetti dinner held for the benefit of a Haitian school being rebuilt after that horrible earthquake. That school, for the last 17 years has been supported by The Haiti-Laurentides Committee of l’École Secondaire Augustin-Norbert-Morin, in Ste-Adèle, about 60 kilometers North-West of Montreal in the Laurentian mountains.
We had a super busy day today. We took baths, did school, put the kids down for early naps, took Kindle to ballet and went to a friend's house so she could meet Gunnar. Whew! It was a long time in the car for the little ones, but we survived.
But the shepherds at the manger and the women at the tomb knew alike what they had seen and heard. Just a few days before the Church's celebration of the Birth Day of Christ, we celebrate the feast of St Thomas, the man who said, "Except I see ... I will not believe." You know what happened next: Jesus came and said to Thomas, "Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing" (Jn 20:27).
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Roll out dough on a lightly floured work surface to a 1/4-inch thick. Cut into snowflakes with a 7- inch snowflake-shape cookie cutter. Space 2 inches apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper, and refrigerate until firm, about 15 minutes.
its daytime melody
Based on our own independent tests, the results of Rootmetrics speed test were by far the most accurate of the speed test apps we have used. Unfortunately for Rootmetrics, actual network speeds are generally much slower than users expect. Conditioned by the marketing departments of cellular providers, many cellphone users assume that the speeds they are seeing on their networks are near the capability of the standard or at least are a significant fraction of the capability. According the to published standards, 3G for either standard (GSM or CDMA) has the “capability” of speeds well above 10 Mbps. Of course, the capability depends a great deal on the modulation scheme being used, which in turn depends on the noise environment. What that means is that while 10 Mbps is certainly possible in a quiet lab environment, it’s much harder to achieve these speeds in the real world.
The somewhat forbidding entrance into the churchyard from Seething Lane. Built in 1658 these became the gates of 'St Ghastly Grim' in Charles Dickens' book The Uncommercial Traveller. It was fine on a hot, sunny day but I don't think I'd fancy going through there on a dark, wet winter's night!
In reality, I’ve been training to hike the Inca Trail since January, 2009. Since that time I’ve participated in many hikes with the Mountain Club of Maryland that ranged in difficulty and length and I can finally say that I was able to successfully hike 14 hard miles this past weekend.
After a while, though, you start to see aspects of their real personalities shine through, like a thundercloud behind the sun.
As her softness rest on my firmness,
The Salesperson was not trustworthy.
grabbed some crescent
Is there really a job that does not require communication skills? Gates disabused the minds of those who assume that creating software is purely a solitary activity where you sit in an office with the door closed all day and write lots of code. He said: “This isn’t true at all,” adding that “it requires the ability to collaborate and share ideas with other people, and to sit down and talk with customers and get their feedback and understand their needs.”
Well, now that I've found it, here's the language from my years-old post on Rights Reserved:
"That's the whole idea," Jessica said, waving a forkful of bean sprouts for emphasis. "I'm tired of hum drum existence. Boring job, boring life."
So on a balmy Sunday evening, we headed over to EPCOT to watch fireworks, share a funny cake and cuddle. It was shaping up to be a great night. As the fireworks burst overhead, he leaned in… and said…
I owe a lot of my decorating ideas to the plethora of design magazines out there. They all feed me a monthly diet of inspiration, which contributes heavily to “my disease”.
Kostya looked to the sky. The Earth, a blue sphere, hung in the cosmos. He was alone. Only the crackle of a dead radio filled the silence of space.
Wutzler P, Farber I, Wagenpfeil S, Bisanz H, Tischer A. Seroprevalence of varicella-zoster virus in the German population. Vaccine 2001; 20: 121-124.
I've a feeling in my soul,
Lord of Hosts,
http://screammonkey.wordpress.com/2012/05/01/newbie-blogger-initiative-start-your-blog-now and I thought hey I have a blog with 2 posts, and the itch to write more so lets give this a chance. SO i intend to get a few posts queued up for the next few days and get this baby cooking
Mather Schneider was born in Peoria, Illinois and currently lives in Tucson, Arizona where the inspiration for this collection was born. The city of Tucson contracts and expands with every breath as Mr. Schneider navigates the streets and outskirts delivering a colorful array of characters to their varied destinations. I happy to share a sample of poems with you:
Place largest chocolate cake on icing board. Dip metal spatula into bowl of hot water, wipe off water on tea towel, and then scoop up some chocolate buttercream to ice chocolate cake. Try to use more buttercream than you need and then smooth off the excess. The heat from the hot water will help you to create a smooth appearance. Ice all of the cakes separately before stacking them. Using the piping bag, pipe star shape all around the edges of each layer. This will cover up any slightly imperfections around the bases of the cakes. Place flowers (from garden, or edible but don't use live flowers with lots of pollen) on each layer of cake for decoration. Chill in fridge so buttercream sets, but bring to room temperature to serve.
He said that when he walked out of the courtroom, the officer who was responsible for transporting him to and from jail was near him.
The little girl sees the stack of bonds, admires their ornate design, and decides they would make beautiful wallpaper for her doll house. So she takes them, having no idea of their value. The girl’s actions (unlikely, but hardly implausible) then trigger a succession of unlikely (but hardly implausible) events. First, her frantic parents phone the cops, who, though far from the Keystone mould, seem sheepish and deferential to the wealthy couple, and are treated like glorified servants, especially by the wife (Marguerite Marsh), who seems worried about their effect on her carpet. No one thinks to question the little girl.
#4. Beatrice the owl. Okay I'll admit it, I have a serious obsession with owls (and flowers). Especially vintage/cartoon owls. I had been itching to get a new tattoo one summer and decided to just go for it. I collect anything with owls on them, why not a tattoo? ;) I brought in a few pictures of owls that I found online to Dave and he mixed together different parts of each one that I loved and drew this up. She's obviously a very girly girl like me, look at the flower in her hair! I named her Beatrice, Bea for short.
We are stronger than any force.
I have so much more to show you, but I will have to save that for another day - hopefully not so long next time! I'm going to enter this card into the Crafters Companion Monthly Challenge, which this month is 'Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow'.
Among Russians the loss of empire, of great power status, acquired with so much sacrifice and the realisation that communism had killed so many and maimed so much, prompted a search for an answer to a question that periodically recurs in Russia’s history ever since it was first posed by Alexander Herzen in his novel, Who is to Blame? (1845-1846). Unfortunately in seeking answers to an old question, nationalists of various hues have shown themselves to be highly susceptible to conspiracy theories along the lines that; communism had been a huge Masonic-Zionist plot; or that all Russia’s ills could be laid at mysterious foreign plutocratic forces backed by NATO. The similarity between the theory of a Masonic-Zionist plot to account for Russia’s plight and the German nationalist explanation of the Dolchstoßlegende (the stab-in-the-back legend) used to justify the defeat in World War One, later to become official Nazi party ideology, hardly needs to be stressed.
Plain flour: 3 cup
I can’t. I can’t even think about that.”
1 ship
As a matter of fact, I lobbied quite hard, unsuccessfully as it turned out, to name Her Majesty after my favorite actress. This was perhaps all for the best, as H.M. has turned out to have exactly the right name after all.
You notice that all is ordinary,
Does anything good ever follow the words, "Now don't freak out?"
You did not see this kind of nonsensical criterion being raised 20 or 30 years ago, which speaks to the increasing luridness of full-disclosure writing permeating every last field, the blogospheric assumption of the importance of the "personal" that's surely going to keep trickling down. And it's careless thinking. You think "Mean Streets" is personal and "The Aviator" isn't? Try again: "Mean Streets" is fantasy wish-fulfillment to make up for a sickly childhood, while "The Aviator" is a swooning love letter to the medium that dominates Scorsese's life. I just made a "personal" argument. Are you convinced yet? As you can see, Rizov was directly addressing critics who he believed based their charges of "personal" and "impersonal" on what they knew about the filmmaker's own life. For me, however, he raises some broader questions on what makes a film feel either deeply personal or deeply impersonal to a viewer—and perhaps whether that should even matter in assessing a given film.
PHONE: 516-532-6889
In honor of Earth Day Sunday, and our $6.82 electric bill from March, I wanted to post the special edition stamps from the USPS. Recently I've been making quite a few trips to the post office between etsy orders and email, and every time I see these stamps and think how awesome they are.
I’ve asked a dozen of Camping’s followers the same question. Everyone said even entertaining the possibility that May 21 would come and go without event is an offense to God. They all hope they’ll be raptured. Some worry about being left behind.
One problem may be that I’ve had to put this aside for the best part of six weeks whilst I did some remedial work on the novel’s prequel – due out next month. It is easy to forget the details when you’re working with such a multi-layered plot. There’s pressure, anyway. I need to get at least the first draft of this novel finished by September, because then I have to leave the world of futuristic science fiction and plunge into the world of the historical novel. There are, of course, a number of parallels – both include creating another world.
Now that it’s past, its implications have still not sunk in.
Welcome to my first post in ohhhh... ages!! Apologies for that but I have a stinking cold and just cannot stop sneezing - yuck!! That and the streaming eyes have seriously set me behind on my crafting :-(
Of course it does make for extra work when you are trying to get out of your own driveway!
LÄPPLE: I remember when news of the measures against of them arrived. Söhngen didn’t want to incite anybody, and made no mention in his lecture. But I recall that that day, after the lecture, Ratzinger and myself went with him to his study, where there was a grand piano, because Söhngen was also musician and played it like a concert performer. That time in front of us, without saying a word, he threw his books angrily on the
The day of the terrorist attacks in New York, September 11 2001, I saw a version of my dream played out on every television channel. I couldn’t believe what was happening. My psychiatrist told me that all dreams represent something that has occurred in the previous 48 hours. Maybe, maybe not!
When they returned to Denmark’s home at 5137 N. Scenic Highway, Lot 15, Whaley went into the kitchen, grabbed two knives and, with a knife in each hand, began stabbing his grandmother as she took a bath, investigators said.
Pineda-Moreno offers no such evidence. To the contrary, the driveway had no gate, no “No Trespassing” signs, and no features to prevent someone standing in the street from seeing the entire driveway. Additionally, one of the investigating agents testified that “an individual going up to the house to deliver the newspaper or to visit someone would have to go through the driveway to get to the house.” If a neighborhood child had walked up Pineda-Moreno’s driveway and crawled under his Jeep to retrieve a lost ball or runaway cat, Pineda-Moreno would have no grounds to complain. Thus, because Pineda-Moreno did not take steps to exclude passersby from his driveway, he cannot claim a reasonable expectation of privacy in it, regardless of whether a portion of it was located within the curtilage of his home.
SuperDewa
Marcelle Pressed Powder
Inks: Old Olive, Melon Mambo, Pretty in Pink
So I agree with you, that the European and UK tests of photographic copyright are the same, and conform with that adopted in Painer. The critical question in any particular case is whether the subject matter leaves scope for “sufficient formative freedom” which the photographer exploits so as to leave his “mark” on the resulting work. This test seems better captured by the "author's own intellectual creation" formulation than the "skill and labour" one; though in fact UK courts have often expressed the common law originality standard in terms of "skill, labour and judgement", which is arguably not different from the European "author's own intellectual creation" test. And I personally doubt that the EU test requires creativity - it's almost identical to the Canadian test, which was formulated partly so as to underline that creativity is *not* required. (That at least is my memory.)
We really wanted to chill a bit and catch our breath after all these mini-adventures, so we went to Videopolis Theater in Discoveryland, where we got to see The Legend of the Lion King . It is inspired by Broadway musicals and with its timeless story is one of the most popular attractions in Disneyland Paris. A large group of over 100 great actors and singers show their talent in 30 minutes which is guaranteed to have you hooked all the way through. The amazing and colorful costumes, the dynamic movements and dance routines, the catchy songs and the impressive visual effects during the performance contribute to a compelling show, suited both for adults as for children. Don’t miss it!
When my oldest got old enough to babysit, they would always make something adventurous while we were gone. The girls still do this with the kids they now babysit. Sometime I must get and share the recipe for Sugar Delight. Helpful menu item if you were hoping to go into a diabetic coma.
“Women are fickle and prone to fads,” I said. “Eventually, she will tire of these avant-garde ideas and allow the book to gather dust on your bookshelf. She will then rediscover her appetite for the strong-but-silent style of copulation that is your forte.”
Because "how real people really lived" intrigues me (as opposed to "all Victorians thought and did thusly") I was especially interested in the details of housekeeping, in the most literal sense of the word. Here was not just a marriage full of love and respect; here, too, was a family that was warm, affectionate, supportive.
Released in 1966 her Country Christmas album reached number 103 on the Billboard charts. Another great tune to be found on the album is I Won't Decorate Your Christmas Tree….now what did I say about risque.
Fill your life with happy memories. Grab your camera and document all these experiences down. Our minds start to deteriorate from the moment of our first breath so before you enter the evil dementia zone, grab some photos and keep them in a cool album.
Second experiment: On the same sheet(the drawing one) lay both felt-tip pen for two seconds. Which one leaves the bigger mark? Obviously the bigger one.
Bolaño, whom I am only just discovering, is from the same place and the same tradition as Jorge Luis Borges. We are in the same territory, in other words, as The Universal History of Infamy and Borges’ other brilliant fictions, which exist in a half-world between truth and inventiveness. Nazi Literature in the Americas, first published in Spanish in 1996, owes a considerable debt to Borges. Bolaño has the same imaginative and creative facility, if not the same economy of genius.
Andy is going to be out tonight for a bachelor party, so that leaves me to fend for myself tonight for dinner. I work late, so I might just throw together some CSA vegetables and see what I come up with!
These little gems are tougher than they look, they are made in white stoneware, fired to 1200 degrees celcius and then glazed, so they are durable. The bonus is they are priced under R80 so they also make wonderfully affordable gifts.
In return he knocks out another of my fauns.
Definition is the meaning of the things we can’t explain,
I have said this before but the moment that I found out I was pregnant my life, my world changed. Nothing in the world could ever compare to the love I have for my son, and the love that I have for my family. I cant for a minute imagine what I would do or how I would feel if they were taken away form me.
Hello Ann Leslie,
Only 900 bottles of this beer were filled, so it will surely be
1. Preheat the oven to 375ºF.
Entering my card into the following challenges:
that great Athene could've thrown with ease.
Finding a new orthodontist has been a very important and serious process for me. I wanted the doctor to have a personality and sense of humor similar to mine. That orthodontist needed to be bright and more knowledgeable than me in current orthodontic techniques and treatment options. I believe I found that person in Dr. Rhina Marquez, who becomes my new Associate in the next week or so.
Bring your children and their friends! This Sunday the market will feature a children's station with paint, brushes, and decorating materials for kids to express their autumn-inspired creativity. There will also be a face painter available to paint faces (she'll be working for free, so be sure to express your gratitude!). Festivities will commence at 10am and last until 1pm.
"I want to make I-Spy Jar like I saw in Ana's School for my friend now, Mama", he stated with finality.
I just spent fifteen minutes debating with my fourth graders, who insisted that you can see X-Rays. (An answer on their homework was that x-rays are invisible.) Never mind that the story mentions that X-Rays are invisible at least twice; the kids are so used to the actual pictures being called X-Rays that they couldn’t wrap their heads around the fact that the actual beam being shot from the camera is what an X-Ray is.
“The planet earth is round and revolves round the sun along with the other 9 planets”
Short Version
The next morning, Jonah and Stiletta take off for the Needle, however Jonah explains that he is leaving Stiletta, he can't afford to allow her personal agenda to jeopardize his chance to get back to the past. Stiletta pulls a pistol, demanding that Hex help her but as he takes off she finds herself unable to pull the trigger.
8. Turn heat to medium and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until broth is almost absorbed. Taste for salt. Serve over rice.
P.S. What have you been listening to? Lately I have been into electronic music, which strikes me as odd, but I can’t get enough. I really like Chicane and created a Slacker station with it, and that led me to some other stuff this week that I’ve really loved, and will probably share in the future. Here’s a taste:
When I was in NY a couple of weeks ago an entire flock of anabaptists were testifying in Washington Square Park, the men preaching arrogant, the women meek and silent dressed in their prairie chic. I kept on looking at the little girls. I stayed there forever and stared at the little girls, the squirming little girls, did they feel embarrassed, would they ever reach a higher consciousness, would that be possible. I recently also read the ghostwritten memoir of Carolyn Jessup, who was a child bride for the FDLS, and she wrote about the often admonition that girls not question and "keep sweet."
With every little bit of our lives that we give up to Washington control, the liberty that this country was known for, that many have died to secure and preserve, is being eroded away...rapidly.
I had enough time to quickly post on my fb wall asking for friends and family to pray, that it looked like Shaun was having a brain bleed and that we were on our way to hospital in the ambulance. We met 2 out 3 of our children there, the other was in Sydney for the day.
Image by Max Melville… Florence
To make this Monday better, though, one of one newest followers gave me an award!!!
Werckmeister Harmonies – cosmos (opening shot)
2. My leather Moroccan pouf has been on back order since early May!! But it is finally set to arrive tomorrow afternoon, stuffed and ready to sit at the foot of my glider. Yes, I have been obsessing over this one item for some time.
Tomorrow Connor gets to meet is Nana and Papa (Jason's parents) who are flying in from Ohio for a few days. I know he will love them as much as Aidan does! We just need to be sure that Nana doesn't get her "baby hog" on like she did with Aidan.... Ha ha! :)
Finally, there was Corduroy Mansions by Alexander McCall Smith - if you have read the 44 Scotland Street books by him and liked them, you will also like this; like Scotland Street, it also began life as a newspaper serial. It is based in Pimlico, London. One of the characters is a wonderfully odious MP called Oedipus Snark, whom even his own mother cannot bear.
7. Bad Brains - Don't Bother Me
Apologies for this long and picture heavy post, I am just trying to summarise the whirwind affair that was my Christmas with family. It was so busy and it went so fast that I feel that it hardly happened...thank goodness for the blog as it makes me slow down and reflect on these special moments and thank goodness everyone left me photos as I took none...just too busy 'being' with them all.
Wright and Baxter also discussed trying to blow up the Federal Reserve Bank in Cleveland, as well as attacking a new casino in the city, a NATO summit in Chicago and the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Florida, according to the complaint.
These beautiful antique monograms caught my eye, and I thought they'd make a really nice addition to a bouquet or a bridal hanky. If you were feeling crafty, that is...
I initially posted the following inspiration look. It is very doll-like, and almost reminds me of a fairy. What I loved about this makeup look, was the white and orange together and the ethereal look it created.
What is fun is that Susanna has chosen an incredible range of images. She is all inclusive, using designers that have credentials and pedigree for miles, along with bloggers who are decorators, stylists, and designers. She very much has her finger on the pulse of the populist decorating movement, and how the "pros" are influenced by the "ams". It's like street fashion making it to the runway.
Acts 4:29-30 “29 Now, Lord, consider their threats and enable your servants to speak your word with great boldness. 30 Stretch out your hand to heal and perform signs and wonders through the name of your holy servant Jesus.”
through my eyes
Ever since playing the beta/demo, I was hooked. Normally I don’t tend to stray from the triple A shooter that falls every November and we are all familiar with. But to be honest, I hadn’t heard a huge amount about the game before it dropped on the Game Marketplace, and was enticed by the videos that quickly followed across YouTube and their own website.
"...the tone of my social media reflects the tone of my work."
"For the longest time I was trying to figure out a way to get Donny on our show, but the way luck has it, I appeared on his. It was such a ball, that I really felt guilty taking a pay check," Kristy said with a big laugh. "You know something funny," she continued to say. "I'm only normal. How many other girls my age feel the same way about Donny as I do? There are many and you might say that I'm one of the group."
I love these first two, but not sure the boho/ethnic look will work so well with the adjacent family - in all its mid-century glory. Also, looking more closely at the grays in these fabrics makes the bathroom walls truly look green.
If you would like to help out or contribute to the clean-up efforts at Old Philadelphia, please contact me via email at angelamsspi@gmail.com for more information.
Glory in a Camel's Eye ~ by Jeffrey Tayler (Morocco)
The imagination, however, is still its own realm. Like many authors, I’ve been on the road this last month, visiting the many schools who have been having their annual Book Week. (Why do they all choose March? But that’s another issue.)
Her legacy had another side too in the spin-off Moog does… records that proliferated in the 70′s. Most were twee, some were a bit of fun but some really were a bad idea.
Countless days of being held hostage while ProG sits there doing nothing but chewing away at my cerebral cortex and brain stem, short circuiting whatever intellect or instinct I once had, has left me with very little ability to distinguish reality from fiction.
12. Graffiti
on that too
Despite all the distractions to keep us from confronting massive unemployment, widespread foreclosures, a government rife with corruption, waste, and cronyism, a broken justice system, a President who won’t produce a passport and whose Social Security number is fake.
The dependency on virtual interaction than personal one has really gone high. It’s hard to believe that kids do end up discussing their project work via Social media. Just one post on Facebook and your get an instant reply. Are we saying that this is not a good practice… Well, no one is against the use of Social Media but one had to draw a line and have discipline while using such forum.
The first thing that should be addressed is the romance element. Take a look at the cover. It looks like a romance novel. Two faces so close they could actually kiss. Let me tell you, the cover is completely misleading. There is virtually no romance in the novel, that doesn’t mean future books in the series won’t have it, it means that Across the Universe isn’t the place to find it. If you are looking for extreme romance, lovely dovey kisses, you won’t find it here.
8:30 am Arrived at work and found my new office (we moved offices when I was out). It felt like the first day of school where you have to find your new home room. I had no idea where I was going or what I was walking into. First on the agenda was finding where the restrooms and coffee were!
I found the recipe at Recipe Girl and while I found the idea enticing, I was a bit skeptical that the pancakes would turn out to taste like a cinnamon roll.
As I say, those who follow Craig’s work on the Kalam will be able to guess his response. For years now, Craig has been harping on about the distinction between “causal priority” and “temporal priority”, as well as the possibility of timeless eternal intentions. Combining these two notions, Craig can say that God’s intention to create the universe may have existed eternally and may have causally preceded rather than temporally preceded the beginning of the universe.
Gold rose borders are stickers
I'm not myself an avid reader of Discworld novels, I confess. The first one I read was "Truckers", and I loved it, but for some reason I never really could be bothered with the discworld series.
I’ve also seen a funky drop-down menu on the front page of this site. It might be a bit pie in the sky, but if I have time I might give it a go. The next two weeks are critical for my project, and slight panic is starting to evolve into more of a major panic/paralysis situation. Time to shut out the friends, children, colleagues and bury myself in code.
might be what wakes him. I back out the door.
One of the complaints I had about the last Nazi exploitation film I watched, Ilsa: She Wolf of the SS, was that the skirts worn by the female SS guards weren't tailored right (they were too long, and, much to my chagrin, completely slit-free). Call my brain structure ill-conceived, but I think the reason there were so many garment issues peppered throughout that film might have had something to do with the fact that the director wasn't Italian. In other words, only someone of Italian extraction, scratch that, only someone who was born and raised in Italy, is in the position to properly comprehend the importance of perversion when it comes to ladies apparel. Well, you know what? Filmmaker Tinto Brass is Italian, and with his Salon Kitty, Nazi couture finally gets its cinematic due. Of course, there's little doubt in my mind that certain members of the audience will be offended by this movie, which at times seems to be masquerading as some kind of fascistic fashion show, but for those who appreciate things that are frightfully du jour, this film is the awkward tribute to totalitarian chic you've been waiting for. I've said once and I'll say it again, the only reason Nazism was in anyway popular as a movement was because of their uniforms. And not those brown, terribly drab outfits they sported during their early days, no, I'm talking about the iconic/infamous all-black uniforms worn by members of the SS (Schutzstaffel), the movement's notorious paramilitary force. They made the person wearing them seem cool, despite the fact that he or she was probably the complete opposite of cool, yet it was this perceived coolness that usually lead them to have delusions of grandeur.
That's when I decided I would focus on TEEN GIRLS.
Either two hearts meet,
ALEC stands for the American Legislative Exchange Council. I have been aware of ALEC for years because I am basically socially liberal, so I like to read sites like the DailyKos. Kos has been writing about ALEC for years now so I had a pretty good primer on what they do and what their activities consist of before happening across this article by Diane Ravitch on the Common Dreams web-site.
It’s not easy being Monday, of that I’m certain. Most people groan their way through you, wiping their bleary post-weekend eyes and wishing it were Sunday, the day of rest and leisure (or at least abbreviated store hours). Or better yet, people wish it were Saturday. Ha! Saturday, that day of the week popularized by the song that said it’s Saturday night, guess it makes it alright. Prince! That Midwestern Little Red Corvette driving pipsqueak turned pop icon! Who had the right to take away your slot? No one, I say. No one!
Do you go nuts for thick, shiny hair? You should.
Whether you’ve always enjoyed having a furry companion or you were ambushed into it by your children, we all know that pets can cause some major headaches in the home. Pets can dig holes in your backyard, chew your shoes, claw your couch, and leave presents for you on the floor.
Lucey - Lemonade Kitty
José H: If Captains Kirk (circa 1968) and Reynolds (circa 2003) get into an argument and end up in fisticuffs, who would win?
The IDNs now permits the use of characters in the Spanish language along with vowels with diacritical signs: á é í ó ú ü ñ. The hyphen (-) is also permitted.
family room that day. I was so touched by how
Every yard, ever foot leading to the Express Tunnel from Union City to Jonesborough Terminal had to be fought tooth and nail.
Mallin contended, is necessary and medically appropriate.
To A Daughter,
2 (32 oz) containers of chicken broth
If your searchin’ brings you
PERSON OF INTEREST - The government is spying on you. There is a machine watching your every move. The creator of the machine hires an ex-CIA tough guy to help him assist the "numbers" the machine comes up with each week. These "numbers" may be good guys or bad guys. This show is entertaining and intriguing with a lot of tough guy, good-guy wins action.
I'm dreaming it.
A and B showed up to sign the lease and pay the deposit, and I got my first interaction with B – and I was not happy. She didn’t do anything in particular, but she was pretty rude and demanding toward me, and if she had shown up to fill out the applications I knew I wouldn’t have considered them. How a person treats you at the first showing really says a lot about how the relationship will go, I can go back to almost each and every eviction we’ve had and point things out that I should have picked up on, and I knew she’d be trouble. But we put in that clause in our lease and we had already approved them – so at that point we just had to move forward.
There are so many things I wish you had known and that other young LGBTQ people contemplating suicide should know. The first is that we, your gay peers, are everywhere. Every major city in the western world has a gay village, gay bars, gay people just like you who want to know you-who want to help you. We want to know you because we all have a shared experience, we know how you feel. The weight you now feel, we once felt too. Yes, even you there in Redneckville, Alabama, I mean you; And you in Backwatertown, Minnesota, you too. Just like you many of us come from inhospitable environments. Just like you, some of us were bullied. Hopefully, future you will soon find us. Look for us, many of us are online. We’re waiting for you. I am personally waiting for you. You feel lost? Alone? You need a place to stay for a while? Write to us, any of us. Write to me, please, write to me, maybe I can help. Even if I can’t, I can probably help you find someone who can! We will find a way to fix it!
- trouble with rhyming or phonemic awareness, etc.
It's easy for the old guard to ignore a house like this (the rotting siding and unkempt yard look worse in person than in this picture). It keeps them sane, keeps them rooted in place, keeps them from ruminating on the herculean task of relocating all the possessions and memories accumulated over a lifetime.
Working with John Hansell at Malt Advocate gave me a lot more chances to talk to Michael; he and John were good friends. Eventually I would wind up editing his column for the magazine. It was not something I looked forward to; Michael was a bit of a sloppy writer at times, largely because of the rush he was always in. MJ always had numerous pots boiling at the same time, a project here, a project there, trips, visits, lectures, editing, writing. He was immensely productive: multiple columns in print and on-line, books on beer and whisky, feature articles, video series, CDs. If it was about beer or whisky, he did it.
The key is to differentiate between “good” and “bad” inflation where good inflation represents an increase in consumer demand while bad inflation represents an increase in international commodity prices and/or VAT. Good inflation is easier for the central bank to control since it can influence domestic demand through monetary policy while bad inflation is usually due to global macro events and international markets.
IVORY COAST INVESTMENT: Hershey will expand the Company’s successful 2011 innovative CocoaLink mobile phone program in Ghana to farmers in the Ivory Coast. Through CocoaLink cocoa farmers receive text and voice messages that enable them to improve farming practices, understand issues related to pests and adverse weather conditions, improve labor practices, and ask questions of cocoa experts in real time. In the next phase of CocoaLink, Hershey plans to work with the Rainforest Alliance to incorporate important messages about conservation and climate change into the program.
5. Spend Time to Soak in the Wonder: David Rolloff, a professor or recreation, parks, and tourism said, “Yosemite is a very emotional place. It’s a high church of nature, in a lot of ways, and I think some people are so enthralled they don’t absorb what’s around them.” So make sure to really look around you. Take photographs and take a moment to breath the fresh air and listen to the sounds nature has to offer.
An “upstart” who would not get that opportunity was Bianca Knight (USA) who placed fourth at Nationals, but came back over the summer to take victories in Rome, Birmingham, and London! So entering the World Championships, Daegu would be the only race of the season where all the main combatants would go head to head, with Knight the only heavyweight not in attendance.
The "she" who shared this story with me is C., a mom of 3 from Cameroon (west Central Africa) who works & attends Howard U. full time. C. had just finished giving a class presentation. The "punk" is one of many American Black students who openly and unapologetically "diss" Africans because of the way they dress, the way they speak, the way their food smells, the sounds they make when they speak their native language, or any other aspect of their culture or being that can be singled out for insult.
The pair quickly recognized the seriousness of the matter and immediately contacted RECO. Within a few hours, the urgency of the investigation became clear as RECO’s Manager of Inspections & Investigations, Brian Prendergast, determined that the transaction was fraudulent and put a face to the fraud’s victim: an elderly minister who had no idea that a fraudster was trying to sell his house without his knowledge.
PICCIRILLO B, GAETA T. Survey on use of and attitudes toward influenza vaccination among emergency department staff in a New York metropolitan hospital. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2006; 27: 618-622.
There are lots of theories for why people feel so miserable. No doubt a big reason is that those who are lucky to have survived layoffs are left doing the jobs of several workers.
Also, since the bundle of jute will not fit through the hole in the shamrock, you will have to cut a certain length out. I think I did about 5 times my "wing span" (you know when you stretch your arms out and apart). And it's quite annoying pulling the whole length through every time, so I tied it like so:
I can’t say enough about them and I’m afraid to gush too much for fear of ruining the element of surprise for you if you’ve never heard them. So! Get to a computer A S A P and look them up! THEN! Arrive next Saturday night for an evening of mystical carpet rides, you soon won’t forget! And buy their new EP – Born Under a Veil!
Frankly the only thing keeping me going is the scale has finally started to move as a result of tracking my food.
They're probably packed away in the garage.
The “goal” of these frequency flashes has not yet been determined.
I feel like its a special bond/secret language that we have, just between us!
Level 8: 16% chance to deal 120% damage after an attack.
* Half-Minute Horrors edited by Susan Rich
"They are a law unto themselves who treat citizens, their lives and property with absolute disregard. Clearly the ANC are not interested in providing a safe travel environment for South Africans."
So, there you have it—the Væmpires saga in a one-thousand-word nutshell. It’s an urban fantasy/dystopian series, combining fantasy, sci-fi, horror, action, and romance in bite-sized chunks for your enjoyment. There’s even a guest appearance by zombies!
But, our style and the colors that fill up our home have changed so much in the past four years.
Arabs have to understand that the world does not revolve around their race or faith and that people in obviously neutral space have the right to express themselves. Those who are religiously sensitive perhaps could demand Halal Zones where no-kissing rules apply, or no Muslims are allowed but this is a private establishment so no controls or expectations much less with violence can be applied.
We learned that the tyrannosaur of the title was one who escaped the life on offer, but not without a spell as a blind, double amputee. Still, she was someone to envy, the one who got away. The other one who got away was found slumped in blood against a wardrobe circled by flies. A wake following the funeral of a third lucky, lucky dead bastard was the high point, the cheery bit, the laughs to offset the pain.
Also, lets not be shocked by the fact that the 'house sitter' was completely drunk (and her equally trashed boyfriend ended the night in jail after trying to make the officers play a kids game with him). This is my job security at it's finest.
The recent London demo of the "English" Defence League ( a better name might be the Jewish Defence League) in which British White youths wrapped themselves in the foreign flag of the bandit state of Israel whilst listening to an hysterical rabbinical speech, exposes the "English" Defence League for what it really is - a Zionist, possibly Mossad backed False Flag operation.
Sideways, Flashbacks, Flash Forwards, Oceanic Six time, The Island events and off Island...Which of those events/time-lines happen outside of the bloody snow globe that is the "Island"? Are any of them outside of the snow globe? Are Jack and the Castaway's ever out of the confines of the "Island"? If you're a long time reader to my notes you know my answer to that. We have countless examples of events on the "Island" blurring with many of the off "Island" events.
The 2011 iPass Global Mobile Workforce Report found that 52% of mobile workers felt that their mobile work habits affected their sleep. Terrifyingly, the report also concluded that getting fewer than six hours of sleep a night makes you 12% more likely to die before the age of 65, compared to your friend who gets six to eight hours of sleep a night.
The first video message (which you can access here, by registering your email address with the Herb Fairies site), for instance, accompanies a link to a printable Viola coloring sheet. My youngest two (ages 5 and 7), who are not lukewarm about fairies, were thrilled to receive it.
The bristles of Mia's brush are so soft they caress the skin without scratching and the sonic rotation is so gentle you barely notice it. But the results- they're amazing. There's nothing subtle about the way your skin will glow.
I’m still looking for other options of sugar-free drinks, outside of water. I’ve found one, a half tea/half lemonade that has a good taste, but I need more options. Any suggestions?
—Nazi Poster, 1921
Then he stops. "Now, you know you're getting Gepetto to end this. You're going to count, 'One, I will not procrastinate. Two, I will not procrastinate.' Got it?"
Chase reveals that even though he had written a mob drama he ‘hated’ having characters killed and it left him feeling like a real-life mobster.
One of the smartest things writer-director Jeff Nichols does in questioning the source of Curtis’s visions is to remove god from the equation. With the divine in no way the source of his troubles, an all the more convincing diagnosis of mental illness can be made. But between Nichols’s script and Shannon’s deft work, there remains a thread of lucidity within his growing mania. And as the inevitable climax comes to pass, you find yourself – in the strangest way – hoping that Curtis may not be mad after all, despite the obvious alternative.
Sorry to keep this short, but I can't keep my peepers open!
Professor: Yes. What is night if there isn’t darkness?
I knew I hadn't put make up on but really- at least I put on b-ball shorts, a t-shirt, AND a bra! I could have just come in my pajamas and slippers.
Looking through the microscope at an Alzheimer’s brain, researchers see that this pattern has been disrupted. In some areas, neurons have died and disappeared, leaving fewer cells available to carry information.
“Where are you travelling on such a pitiless night?” the woman asked.
The exhibition Personal Tempest explores how our inner state of mind can be affected by natural phenomena, and how at times these effects can develop into a 'personal tempest' - a 'storm' of confused, eerie and uncomfortable feelings. Mirrored in imaginary accounts and personal testimony, the show explores this romantic motif through paintings, drawings, video installations, and photographs. Based on Thomas Bernhard's book ' Amras' and Emily Brontë's novel ' Wuthering Heights', Personal Tempest combines historical and contemporary approaches with poetic storytelling and conceptual presentations.
Heck ya! Runners are sexy.
Misery Loves Company
Now I am at my Daddy's house and I am having a sweet and meaningful visit. It is a very good thing. Just like with my brother, our time always involves driving around "looking at stuff". All of us in this clan visit in this same manner. Next post: out at the ranch.
What you did not do before.
Schmithals argues that Paul’s critics or opponents among the Galatian churches are not “orthodox” judaizers from the Jerusalem leadership of James. I won’t repeat those arguments here but will go through the way of reading the first two chapters of Galatians his arguments opened up to me. What follows is a mixture of Schmithals and my own interpretation, but I conclude with a quotation from Schmithals.
I feel like I fail miserably the majority of the time.
Control-V was first used for paste in the QED editor.
2 yards Red/White Polka Dot Ribbon in 3/8”
19. To remove grease stains, either add baking soda to the wash load or pretreat the stains with a baking soda paste.
Click here to download the 3-page file for free from Google Documents:
PO Box 757
I like the idea of wedding favors because it’s another way to play with your wedding’s theme. To ensure that your favor isn’t tossed in the trash choose something that can be used right away -- food is great as a snack on the ride home, a CD will likely get listened to in the car or a charitable donation which can’t be used by guests, but will be noted and appreciated.
We reached the same camping knoll we stayed at a couple of days earlier. This time, however, it was occupied by the park rangers on their whatever mission. Likely there was another spot right next door. One of the park ranges, as soon as he saw our group, came over to talk. I suppose they don’t really see large groups like that often.
West: “Powers of Water, the rain that will water Springtime Plantlife / Thank you for joining us in our circle / Leave if you must, stay if you like / Hail and Farewell!”
1) If the code doesn't work (or when you click on your photo, your blog does not appear), check the quote marks... Sometimes the quote marks need to be retyped in the code section.
about ½ cup white chocolate chips
He said he was walking down the street when a truck pulled up. He said the driver of the truck grabbed him, tied him up, then dragged him and threw him in the back. He then said he was taken out of town to an unknown location where he was untied and placed in a large beautiful cabin.
It's wet out there...
The 3 ounce cookie is big enough to share but I'm sure making these in a smaller size would work also. And with the extra egg yolks in the batter, my cookies came out with a nice golden color. Because I buy my eggs from a local egg farm, the yolks have a deeper orange color than supermarket eggs.
When you are writing on your bags the cooking instructions and the date frozen you want to make sure you are using a PERMANENT marker. I can’t tell you how many moms out there have complained about their info wiping off when the item is frozen. I like using Sharpie because they make different sizes, so I can write big or small and I know it will stay there.
*My husband had the flu.
Possible: Sound Mixing, Sound Editing, Visual Effects; Long Shot: J.J. Abrams (Original Screenplay)
An avocado, spinach, fried egg, siracha sauce grilled pita sandwich
This is one of my major goals during this year, however, unfortunately I got carried away with my food patterns and the busy working schedule. But I still stick to my everyday workout and the Inline skating. It adds up the stamina and cuts down the extra fat I take while working 9-5 during the week seated in front of the PC. But, hey, any great mind in times of stagnation feels an urge to breakthrough. And So should every mind work.
I want to laugh and cry and snuggle and dance.
I thought I would have another go.
Instead of getting down to studying because I woke up so late, which would have been ideal for me to do considering the limited amount of hours I had left for this day to end, I procrastinated. I spent over an hour eating breakfast, tearing away bits of bread and staring at them like bread was the most interesting thing on the planet.
There was only mummy and Princess at home last night after kakak left for the day, and out of a sudden, Princess came to mummy and hugged mummy... then she whisper "Happy Mothers' Day, Mummy"! Mummy went like 'huh'?
Hebrews 3:1 – Therefore, holy brothers, who share in the heavenly calling, fix your thoughts on Jesus, the apostle and high priest whom we confess.
If I so choose.
On May 6, we will lay the stone on my mother's grave. Blanche Batnick, April 9, 1954 - June 17, 2011. Beloved mother, wife, sister, aunt, grandmother and friend. Loved always. Let that Loved always echo beyond the confines of perpetual care, let that Loved always clap off the beat, like she did from here until there is no more.
The area was beautiful with super tall trees and…
With my taking up running and having entered several races, my kids have been wanting to become 'runners' too. They've run, walked and biked along side me several times and were very excited when we told them they could enter their own race this spring!
If you haven’t seen http://bighugelabs.com you should check it out. It has different applications for using photos, like movie posters, name badges, motivational posters, magazine covers, jigsaw puzzles, and more. Just upload a photo, type your text, and print!
c = 261.63, a = 440, d = 293.66, g = 392, c = 261.63, g = 392, a = 440, d = 293.66, g = 392
Right now, there is a huge void when it comes to customer service in retail and now is your chance differentiate yourself from your competition. I don’t care if you are small and you’re competing against a big box. You can succeed this season.
These conditions were not present at the Edinburgh Fringe until recently, when ticket prices started exceeding £10 for a one-hour show. With or without reviews, these prices are too high.
If I am working on a web job or a portrait, 15 minutes does not give me enough time to really get into the zone, so I will set the timer for an hour or two. This reminds me to get up and stretch.
Each mark
My life on WordPress.Com
Corruption rife within the spoon-fed scripts on your shiny TV,
Your memory is etched in ink
Fri, 04 May 2012 - Sun, 01 Jul 2012
Oracle's Moon (Elder Races Series #4)
Because I'm a rule follower and not a natural cook, I hate it when recipes say "to taste,"
Walking both dogs together for the first time since surgery!
ANDREW: You did not.
where other girls saw beauty
One thing I didn't mention in the previous posts was how these services were paid for. I believe the Early Intervention program receives county, state and federal funds. I'm not completely sure, but there is no cost to use their services. The private speech and OT are billed to our private health insurance through my husband's employer. (We exhausted that coverage a couple months ago.) Then, whatever isn't covered is paid by Medicaid. Goldie qualifies for this because she has a diagnosis of Down syndrome.
I know I am unique in loving to cook. I know I now have the time to do so. But, I used to “pee” away how much time with a beeper at restaurants waiting for a table. I think I prefer spending that time cooking, and not roaming around being bored and paying ridiculous prices for a beer or glass of wine while waiting for a table in the chain restaurants in Columbia.
Locke-"Well let's just hope you're wrong."
Famous People with Life Path 9
6. The Tri-Town plant and its wastewater disposal system has been shown to be a "point source" --conclusively under the Clean Water Act.
This past Saturday was a rare day indeed. We arrived on LBI shortly before noon to see the mass exodus of renters, as they made room for the thousands of new renters just starting their vacations (yes Rt72, was backed up for miles, and luckily, the back roads were smooth sailing)
And she says,
I know I haven’t added anything for a while. I’ve been struggling with a major life transition and its been a little too fresh to comment on it. If you read this blog, I think you understand. When going through a big transition, I need time to get perspective…to back up away from the details and see the big picture.
Most of us try to be trustworthy ourselves and we look for it in others. When other people fail to be worthy of our trust, we chide ourselves for trusting and determine never to trust anyone ever again.
I left my hometown Cotabato City when I was thirteen to study in Manila. I lived alone for four years and stayed at a dormitory. I suppose I was forced to grow up much faster than a normal young boy. I had to take care of myself, buy my own groceries, budget my own money, plan my schedules, be independent.
I am thankful...that the weekend has arrived.
- Pulled Duck Sandwich w/ Fries & Slaw
We want to encourage every Cricut Circle™member to participate. We will be choosing our winner at random, and you can enteras many times as you want. It might get a little crazy, but we think it will be really funto see how many entries we can get. So run, don’t walk, to your machines and getbusy! You can create any kind of project you would like—just make sure to use yourexclusive Letter Envy cartridge on it.
I need Yves Klein blue with a satin lapel. And Juliette Binoche's sharp stride.
9) SNP administrations will work with private and public sector partners and appropriate voluntary groups to maximise the tourism potential of their areas.
We have much more control over our interactions with other people. We can use traditional methods to talk, such as via mail, calling, talking in person; however, we can now talk by Internet, text, etc. And we now have much more control over the time, place, environment, background, etc.
Chris and Ann headed down the hall to his child’s room and eased the door open. The light was now as if the sun itself had rolled into the bedroom. Chris wasn’t certain, but he thought he saw a little boy waiting in there for him.
I had planned to post frequently, but hey, I've never been very self-disciplined. Besides, all that whipping hurts.
But other than the shopping I’m bored. I’ve finished three romance novels in a week. I don’t read. Ever. I am kind of surprised that I even thought of it but Georgia can hog the projector for hours either watching vids or bidding on art. I don’t even think she really likes the art I just think she tries to seem cultured.
Apart from Kelly Davies confirmed speakers are:
to pursue:
Please Mr tooth, make an appearance soon! Thank you.
May your soft breath steam with vengeance!
I’m a very visual writer. I see everything happening in movies in my head and I write down what I see/hear/feel, etc. In those movies, I see me in both Carley and Mrs. Murphy. Literally. I see myself as if looking in a mirror in both characters. Lynda speaking with Lynda. In fact, as I write, I typically “drop”’ in to all of my characters. Even in writing Michael Eric, the four-year-old boy, I see his world through his eyes—his view of looking upward at others, sitting on the cold tile floor playing with Matchboxes. It’s all a bit odd, I must admit, but I’m grateful for it.
For starters, the local cuisine is Tibetan; the thukpa (noodle soup), sephaley (meat rolls) and tsampa (roasted barley flour).
I am happy to find a set of books that can basically make my one and two year old group last for forty weeks. I hope that they are useful to you as well.
In terms of non-Muslim sources, I’ve suggested some intro sources in an earlier post here – if you’re looking for slightly more advanced materials, I would add to that list Marshal Hodgson’s Venture of Islam for a general overview of the early and Medieval period and P. M. Holt’s Age of the Crusades if you’re particularly interested in the Muslim perspective on the Crusades.
And put in intensive care
This art show was crowded to the point where several hundred people would have been trampled to death if there were a stampede.
The main problem, he said, was getting the two of them off the ground – the nimble, lightweight Piper L4 that Foster piloted in his artillery spotting missions wouldn’t support both him and Goering. But the division only had the small airstrip that was fine for Foster’s aircraft, but was problematic for taking off and landing larger planes.
He needs to tell his girlfriend. I feel so shit for her.
something yet knowing
Miriam was born in Venezuela, and moved to Boston as a child. She graduated Boston University with a BA in Romance Languages and Psychology, and received an MA in Experimental Psychology from the University of Virginia. She worked in hospital administration and research funding before joining the team of Creative Output, a a multinational software company as Vice President of Finance & Administration.
(Note: For further reading about the possibility of a return to virtue or the pursuit of the civic state, you won’t do better than my personal favorite web zine, Front Porch Republic.)
we only have the possibility to screen dvd at the London screening but welcome submissions in other formats as well (for the archive, but also, if you are happy for us to do it, to copy to dvd if we are able to, for the programme). If your work is on 16 mm or super 8 we probably can’t copy it immediately but would love to discuss with you screening it in the future, and of course for archive purposes we’d love to have it.
Stargate SG1 (all 10 seasons plus two made for tv sequels) *favourite*
Businesses that offer luxury and fancy goods and services are the first to feel the effect of an economic downturn because during this time the purchasing power of most consumers is decreasing hence; people are prioritizing their expenditures as to what is really essential. Fancy and luxury goods and services are considered accessories or ornaments to show or emphasize an individual’s stature and status in society however, most of which have no practical purpose. Examples of goods and services under here are jewelry, luxury cars, mansions, expensive cuisine, expensive shoes and clothing, etc.; services like interior designing, spa services, 5-star to 7-star hotel accommodations, fancy restaurants, tours and many other services that people would most likely prefer not availing during financial restraints for practical reasons and would prefer doing it on their own instead when they can, to minimize expenses. On the other hand, businesses that cater mainly to the masses are in demand during an economic downturn because they offer goods and services that are practical at a reasonable price. This goes to show what the basic human needs are and the things we can live without. So maybe it is best to invest in both ends, one that will classify with the upper class and another that will serve the average and low income earners. This way the chance of surviving in the business industry is promising in case the economy falls at an unexpected rate because there is an alternative source of income from a business that can possibly make its way to the demands in the market.
While it was being built, many New Yorkers were incredulous as to the bridge’s stability, since a structure of that magnitude had not been a part of anyone’s experience. But 127 years later, John Augustus Roebling’s design holds strong and is one of the city’s most iconic and beloved structures, which probably would not have surprised its designer.
Joel & Michelle Levey have taught thousands of people around the globe to live in greater harmony and balance. Field-tested and refined over many years, the Leveys’ unique approach to stress-mastery and personal development offers step-by-step guidance for developing your personal strengths, enhancing the quality of your life, and making a real contribution to your world.
The Attorney General, the Ohio Ethics Commission, Inspector General, and Secretary of State, have all previously ignored the allegations and all declined to take any action citing their lack of jurisdiction and/or precedent. Not that the allegations are false or inaccurate, but specifically that it’s not their job. So,..who IS responsible?
- Chopped toasted pecans from Trader Joe's are a great time saver and give a wonderful nutty flavor in baked goods!
My family life was stable and possessing and displaying good character was stressed. Even the hardcore gang members would make sure you were going to school, staying away from drugs and reading comic books instead of hanging out with them if they deemed you to have the potential to do something better with your life. Hell, the leader of the gang in my neighborhood was an avid fan of rock music and paid me to teach him how to play Dungeons and Dragons. Like I said, atypical.
This year the Save the Date was a recipe card with a mini Christmas cookie cutter attached. I purchased the Wilton cookie cutters on clearance after Christmas last year 6 for 80¢. A magnet strip on the back makes it perfect to hang on the fridge. The recipe card reads:
Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2012 5:42 PM
Hosted by a beautiful and very clever lady, who allowed her passion for pink and cooking of delectable treats to be an amazing creation of loveliness.
4 socks that match-up into 2 pairs of little-boy (i.e. outdated) socks
Last night and all day today while cleaning my house, I did a Biggest Loser marathon on Netflix. I was hoping watching would inspire me (which it did) and encourage me (again it did) and it also made me think. The contestants are using a device strapped to their arm called the Bodybugg which tracks their calories, movement, and such stuff. Huh. So, you are telling me that you can strap a device to your arm and it will track your movement and steps and sweat to workout ratio and figure out your calories burned? Huh. At first, I am intrigued and then a thought crosses my mind….CREEPY. It’s like something out of George Orwell’s 1984 where Big Brother is watching you. Really…do you need to test my sweat to workout ratio? And what exactly are you measuring with my sweat? Pretty sure this device was created by people like SOTL man who wants my fat girl skin so they want samples of my sweat to see if my fat girl skin is good enough for their fat girl skin suit. Why else would you measure my sweat to workout ratio? Are you trying to see if my fat skin has loosened enough so now is the time to bring your van up to my driveway and pretend to have a broken arm and load a couch into it? I am so on to you….I am not getting anywhere near your creepy van or your creepy Bodybugg device if it requires my sweat. And also…gross. I already have issues with looking like I was dipped in a vat of grease when I work out because I sweat so badly (partly because I am fat and partly because I am Irish I think) so measuring my greasy fat girl sweat pretty much grosses me out. I wouldn’t want to be the guy in the lab having to run my sweat through tests or whatever devices they have come up with in Big Brother’s lab to see if I am doing exactly what the government wants me to do. A conspiracy I tell you! I shall keep my vat o grease fat girl sweat contained to myself thank you.
This tutorial will only deal with establishing self-signing certificates and authorities. While it is true that a third-party certificate provides some added security in the real world, it is only really required when performing on-line commerce. In our case, we chose to use self-signed certificates because 1) we really only needed the encryption feature, 2) third-party certificates are expensive, and 3) there is no LAW that says we have to use third-party certificates.
Once settled into the hostel, I got chatting to three German guys sharing my room; Christian, Tim and Mortz. All three of them are doctors, on a two week vacation road tripping from Boston to D.C. We exchanged stories from the places we had been to respectively and chilled. When they were getting ready to head out for the evening, I asked if they would mind if I would join them, and fortunately for me, they were more than happy to take me under their wing for the night. We headed out to Bedford Avenue, Mortz, who had lived in New York briefly, knew of what he considered to be the best pizza place in the town; Fornino. Once inside, I let the guys know that unfortunately for them, I was a vegetarian. They took this news surprisingly well and we enjoyed a meat free Bianca and a Calabrese with a bottle of red. While it was no Fire & Stone in terms of originality, it certainly turned out to be some of the best pizza I have ever had, and with some truly excellent company. After we had been shown to our table, Christian commented in German to his friends before translating on my behalf that he had fallen in love with the waitress. He later added to this when two brutally good looking girls walked in with two other guys; how nice, they brought their brothers he said. Brilliant, just like being at home. When it came to the bill, my new friends insisted that I was their guest for the meal and would not let me pay for my own food. Such gents I had found!
4. What expression or emotion is the person showing?
I love to cheat on dinner some nights and eat cheesy popcorn from a bag. Oh, and some nights, it's potato chips with onion dip. The onion dip is homemade; how salty could that be? (The chips, the chips!) And the other day when Cranky brought home a can of greasy peanuts, I ate a few. The salt is visible, and excessive in my opinion, but I ate some.
A PayDay Loan Can Help You in Special Circumstances
Unfortunately the appeal judges were unwilling to continue an appeal indefinitely on a speculative basis and dismissed leave to appeal on the existing grounds.
Prep the kebabs:
Mix in rice flour and continue tossing until well combined.
I had a prize for the girl that came dressed in the most "P" items. I didn't know if the girls would really get in to that. But I LOVED when the girls showed up and were wearing so many layers they looked like the little boy in the movie Christmas Story. It was hilarious. There was everything from pink hair, to puffy parkas.
A few of my favs?
So an MMO for the WiiU is that possible? (Read prior article). Yes it is and where is this MMO coming from? None other then UbiSoft Quebec a publisher built from the ground up to support PSP and Wii. The publisher in the past has handled several ports and spin offs. But in recent years they have been working closely with UbiSoft Montreal the flagship and crown jewel of UbiSoft.
“I spy some pity on your looks, sir. Are you going to bestow upon me with your mercy?”
A corrupt legal adviser from Hayes is facing a further three years in prison unless he hands over more than £245,000. Ravi Gupta, 41, of Carlyon Road, was jailed in August after admitting 14 charges of assisting illegal immigration and one of obtaining leave to remain by deception. As an accredited immigration law adviser, Gupta made thousands of pounds supplying clients with fake documents including certificates and pay slips that helped their immigration applications.(cont:)
Maybe, therefore, it is the pressure to identify too early as belonging to this-or-that sexual orientation - which nowadays seems to be the be-all-and-end-all personal definition - that causes some (I stress, 'some') young homosexuals in the West to take their own lives? If our rather over-indulged society wasn't so obsessed with sex and sexual identity, maybe children and young people wouldn't have to worry so much about those particularly modern Western anxieties like 'losing one's virginity', 'coming out as homosexual', 'being in a sexual relationship', and so on. It may be, then, that it's our overly-sexualised attitude that is contributing to the perceived increase in teen suicides? Maybe we're too keen as a society to force children and young people into sexual situations - whereby 13-year-old girls feel the need to be on the pill (see here) and teenage boys have to pin their hopes on whatever sexual orientation they think they may have?
How many gestures ,
Edges of card and paper Distressed with Aged Mahogany Ink Pad
It’s no different with a church. The vast majority of those who are unchurched are not actively seeking a church home. Further, they are divorced from seeing it as a need in their life, even when they are open to spiritual things and interested in spiritual things. They no longer tie their spiritual interest and longing to the need to find a particular faith, much less a particular church.
Johnson, like Guarnizo, has been relatively quiet over the past few days in regards to addressing the incident.
And for justice for those boys in The Bakers Dozen. According to their website, the most seriously injured boy, Sharyar Aziz, was a freshman who’d only begun singing with them in October.
I wouldn’t say this is the most attractive photo ever (nor would I generally condone his apparent attitudes towards women), but he does get a vote of support from me for wearing a thong … especially in public. Fight the good fight, Brother!
You need to show us exactly where!
Format - ebook
“Yes. Distract. Got it.” Bertie was all dopey smiles and hazed-out looks. His mind was awash with happy thoughts of triumph and glory and legend. And food. Lots of delicious food.
“Better safe than sorry. Can’t you get me any closer to the Sherim?”
I've seen one reviewer speculate that George Clooney could play Guidry and Ed Asner Berra in the movie version of the book. I'd second that notion. Driving Mr. Yogi is a fascinating, insightful tale of friendship reaching across generations. Don't miss this title.
They pictures were all photographed at the botanical garden of the university of Leipzig. One of my favorite places in this town. :) For the date: 23. July 2010. I just needed time for sorting them etc. This is only a small part of the collection. I tried to make a collection of the (for me) most interesting ones. I also made a lot pictures of other ones but a lot more "common".
1/2 pint red pepper relish
Friday–On Fridays, I get an email from The Produce Box letting me know what is in the various boxes for the next week. I usually go ahead and order my box on Friday and, based on what is going to be in my box, I tweak my menu and make a shopping list of the remaining items I will need. Since what I get in my Produce Box is similar to what is available in the market, there aren’t usually surprises here.
